 ( )  tha's a spicy meat-a-ball
 Anyone got tips on how to talk to girls sober 
 Class of 2017 Strips sees highest participation in Strips history #bestclassever 
 Dartmouth has relocated to Boston airport. Shot fairies in Terminal B ! 
 FINALLY!!!
 I would get my period over senior week
 What happened to the girl in front of fahey?
 she my nap queen / let her hit the bed, yo 
 vs !!!!
" Hello, Join us to the fitness club Theresa I am waiting for it" Who else received this on blitz??
"A man a plan a canal panama" is the same backwards 
"All my life I've been surrounded by women"
"Bonnaroo is a place in Australia, right?"
"Can you be quiet!" It's 10AM, quiet hours are over bitch! 
"Dartmouth doesn't teach me how to spell"
"Dartmouth has opened your mind"  Nah, that was acid. 
"Dartmouth is named Center of Excellence for health care" ... Excluding Dick's House
"Dartmouth is named a Center of Excellence in health care." I'm hoping Dick's House was omitted from this distinction, or the real world is even scarier than I thought. 
"Dear old Dartmouth, take me back to freshmen year" I sob as I realize senior week is almost over
"Dogs"   
"For safety reasons"?
"Here or to go?" "Yes."
"Home is NOT where the heart is," sobbed my clever yak as he sat unloved, with 0 votes, for 7 weeks. 
"I check yik yak like I check my Facebook profile picture...I'm a pretty good yakker"
"I didn't go out if I didn't blackout!" I can't tell whether they are words to live by or hallmarks of an awful night?
"I don't care if you're the president's daughter, BC '17 is a hell of a catch"
"I don't have a boyfriend so I need to keep my yakarma up"
"I gotta go on my morning run at 3." (pm)
"I have decided to step down from a position with no power that no one cares about."
"I just wanted to see who my matches were and I'm straight sooooo...."
"I mean I'm the perfect child" welcome to Dartmouth, ladies and gentlemen 
"I only yak when im bored.. It just so happens that I'm bored a lot tho .."
"I saw you on tinder so I knew you were back on campus"
"I think senioritis came a year late for me."
"I think that fart I just had gave me a second butthole..."
"I wish there was a way to know you're in 'The Good Old Days' before you've actually left them." 
"I'm freaking out about getting married dudes. All my friends are tying the knot...I haven't even met anyone yet and I'm 22!"
"I'm socially liberal but fiscally conservative" - every college student ever
"If I had a Twitter that's what it would be for"  "what"  "live-tweeting my high thoughts"
"If I let you leave this house you'll be in prison fighting whores for cigarettes" - my mother on me moving out 
"If he's still driving, mean the cops ain't catch em yet." 
"If idiocracy has taught me anything, it's that smart people need to fuck more."
"If you look past your skin color, your eyes are really nice." - random white girl   This is why I have low self-esteem as a guy.
"It's all about not getting in trouble." ... Starting off the BS early, I see
"It's almost 6 AM. I am allowed to be rude."
"It's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes"...I have to in order to sleep Nelly. 
"It's going to be a hot one this week! Stay cool by studying in the library..." Fuck rigor, I'm gonna cool off by going to the river
"It's too fucking hot" is the same backwards
"Just don't look at his toe nails. It's like, you wonder if he has Fritos growing out of them or something."
"Just put Boner-roo DTF"
"Just used part of a Father's Day card as a filter for a joint"
"Life is one giant group project!"
"McLaughlin was not here  .It was all parking space. But the frat row hasn't changed at all and probably what was happening back then is still happening now." Overheard two alumni today near McLaughli
"Moo." I shit you not.
"Netflix and chill"- most over used euphemism of our generation 
"Never odd or even"is never odd or even backwards.
"No Yaks found" 
"No, my crush just hasn't done last chances yet" "How do you know?" "Because we haven't matched yet"
"Qtips are ear dildos."
"See that girl's yellow bag over there? If you take a quick glance at it, doesn't it look like a Pikachu pelt?"
"Self-comp"
"She's doing corporate rush"
"So...how did it go?" STOP. 
"That doesn't look like a foot" thought the sock. 
"The sun is like a god" CONFIRMED: Sun God took Astro 2/3
"There are three genders. Male, female and Thai." Wtf, bruh.
"This isn't even worth talking about, but it's chemistry, so we HAVE to talk about it."
"This show is great! What is it called?" while watching Gossip Girl
"Two weeks from today you will be headed into your senior year!" Why you gotta bring that up...
"Wanna go make out?" "Okay!" #ConsentIsHot
"We were on a break!"
"What's Kresge?"
"Where do you see yourself in 5 years?" "I don't know. I don't have 2020 vision"
"Where is Jesus?"- the real question thru senior spring 
"Why did I drink 6 days in a row?"
"Why did I drink 7 days in a row?"
"Why is water a liquid and ice a solid?" -a question from Chem 6 on a Wednesday morning
"You know, I last chanced you 5 years ago, want to see if we match now "
"You smell like keystone from last night"
"You'd think she'd at least have the decency to be two-faced about it."
"because I was drunk and dropped it in the toilet" is NOT a good excuse
"college friends > high school friends" damn straight #Tbt214X
'15 I met last term: "I'm really glad I met you before I left this place."
'15 here, absolutely crushing on my freshmen floormate, went to a frat together, but then she was all over some frat bro, heart broken.....
'17s don't rage man. 
'18 1: "I didn't even know Berry had a fourth floor! What is it like" 
'19's: Please don't try to plan out Dartmouth right now. You have no idea about the amazing journey you're about to embark on. Let it play out, just pull in the reins as needed. Enjoy the experience. 
'95 to one of his three kids: "Yes, you are the only conforming child right now. Thank you; I appreciate you."
'____ has added 17 photos of you' = fuckkkk
( _)O*`..`Q(_ )	                                     I miss pong already. 
()
(S)he who is here for you now towers over anyone else in your past
*GIVE IT TO ME!", she yelled. "I'M SO FUCKING WET!"  She could scream all she wanted, I was keeping the umbrella. 
*Helping my floor-mate look for the the chocolate chip cookies I ate*
*blacks out* > *goes back to spring term room instead of interim housing* > fuck
*goes to hot list on home yak* *not a single yak shows up* 
*goes to sleep hugging a bowl of ice*
*is constantly treating myself* me: you know, I'm gonna treat myself today...
*rolls up jeans five inches*  ready for summer
*rolls up jeans six inches*  ready to come out of the closet.
*secretly hoping your roommate is a no-show so you get the whole place to yourself*
*throws away life* *misses trash can*
*walks outside* *sweats*
*wookiee roar*
... been days since my last apple. the doctors are closing in. please... send someone... to erase my internet history before my parents come for my body.
...From "C" to shining "C" 
...Is causing so many nerdgasms right now
...hits up past hookup from freshmen year 
...to the person who paid for my coffee at KAF. Lonely in the library now reading and working w/o the herd.
1 AM party at the river 
1 for sex
1 for wild sex?
1 person is crushing on me in last chances. I don't know who it is but I'm in love
1.5 hours, 6 pages. Challenge accepted
10 more months till the next GOT.. FML.. 
10 person orgy on the bema @ now
10-12 pages in 26 hours. Doable? 
100 days til 15F 
100000000000000% done with school rn
10A's are over. Done with classes for the term. Need 3 for pong 
14 people crushing on me. Who are you? JUST BLITZ ME GODDAMNIT
15 girl, why so adorable ugh
15 ladies: if Last Chances didn't work out for you, don't worry, because I'm your insurance policy. Hit me up!
15-20 pages by midnight. Let's go!
15Shitisofuckedforfinals
15X home of the long distance relationship  
15X yak scene is looking grim
15s I am going to miss your pretty faces! Good luck and come back when you can!
15s, don't cry - just think of winters in hanover 
17s I'm disappointed your summer yaks blow
17s, take Astro 2/3. Truly the easiest class at Dartmouth if you do minimal work for the tests. 
18 girl crushing on senior 
18 girl here. what do you do when your pong partner ditches you? everyone in every basement seems to be part of a pair already 
18s thirsty as fuck
1:10 minutes till lous opens. This is the hardest thing I've ever done 
1am snap from my bro blasting hip hop and smoking a blunt.4am call by my friend tripping on shrooms. Meanwhile, I'm in the libes all night procastinating my finals by wondering wtf is our generation 
2 last chances and I'm off this term...
2 penalties within the first half! ENGJPN 1:1
2010 last chances? 
23 years ago, I was writing a fake yak about meeting my wife at Dartmouth, then I looked up and met the girl who became my wife. Anything can happen!
237 Hanover inn tryin' to get some brain
25 crushing on me, I'm crushing on 44...0 matches.
25% of Harvard students report graduating as virgins
2nd row, center- 4 seats/$30 dollars each 
3 hookup requests in 24 hours. I see you 18s ;) 
3am- when it is most unclear if I should just work through the night since I'm still wired even though I will be useless tomorrow, or do shots to try and fall asleep.
3fp @now! Nobody rages anymore 
3rd all nighter in a row...and yet Hanlon wants to increase academic rigor? What, does he want us to die of sleep exhaustion?
4 hours left for 3.5 pages and 0 matches, so my typical finals period
5 looking to p some p 
5 more pages 5 more hours and my computer decides to be a little shit 
50 Shades of Fucked for this exam...
50 states of gay
51 states are tighttttt
55 degrees has never felt so nice 
6 crushes, but the only one I can match is myself 
6 days until graduation, 5 pairs of underwear left. Looks like I'll be going commando when I shake Phil's hand...
6 months until Christmas
6 more pages. 11 more hours.... Salvation is near!
6 shots is the perfect amount
60% of my humor seems to be zooming in really close on people's faces in photos
6000 words in one night
7 full with one line on the eighth it is
7 matches for Chances, 4 are teammates. Good start. 
8-10 pages in 6 hours doable?
9am hangover but harbor, Happy Fourth
@ the frat kids yelling stupid shit to the alumni, way to keep up your school's image
@home, but making the journey back to Dmouth tomorrow. 
@the dude who's posting the anti-gay F slur on posts and then deleting: at least leave it up and own up to it so that I can block your gross discriminatory ass
@the person in Berry who's listening to music through incredibly leaky headphones...that smooth jazz is super calming and relaxing please continue doing exactly what you're doing 
A '15 finally getting to flirt with a '16 right before the '16 leaves on the coach.
A beer a day keeps the doctor away
A challenge girls will never understand- peeing with morning wood
A friend with weed is a friend indeed
A girl I know plays the sims utterly normally and doesn't make them do anything weird. What a freak 
A girl told me she prefers "bad guys" because they're spontaneous and exciting. Maybe "good guys" could be more exciting if they weren't so busy wiping away the tears you cried over the bad guys.
A girlfriend? I'm barely able to commit to setting my herd
A little potassium to go, boss?
A mirror breaking may be 7 years, but a condom is 18
A nation wide movement to install poo-pouri dispensers in every bathroom 
A page and a half to go!!! 
A professor that doesnt blitz back is worse than a hookup that doesnt text back.
A whole lot of bubble wrap on first floor Kresge if you feel like you need to destress
AD raises 20k for cancer research and Hanlon pulls a middle school girl move and schedules their thank you breakfast for 7am 1st morning of finals. This is the  example the admins are setting for us?
AD: the original Grexit
AMERICA 
AND HE TRIED TO HOOK UP WITH HIS COUSIN STOP IGNORING THIS
AXiD grilled cheese is clutch!
Aaaaaand....power outage. 
Abolish Hanlon 
About that ride in, guess that's why they call it Hanover
Academic Rigor > Students' mental health
Academic Rigor?  I hardly know 'er!
Accidnetslly got drunk alone on campus lol
Ack. I only made the honor list once during my time at Dartmouth eepsa
Acoustic covers, a nice view of the Green, and a blank Word document. Bliss.
Adderall crashes are the woooorst
Administration scheduling a town hall meeting after finals and after dorms close. Yeah, sure.
Advantage of gyms at home, they're not nearly as facetimey! 
African families slaying at commencement in beautiful formal clothes
After 12 terms at Dartmouth, senior week is my favorite 
After 5 dorm moves at dart, I have adopted the "throw all shit in boxes and sort it out at point B" packing philosophy 
After I give advice I always end the sentence with "idk tho" so you can never say I ruined your life 
After college, I realize I will never have something as useful as DND again 
After consulting a foco construction worker, I can confirm they are building a new "steam vault." Sounds suspicious. 
After several years and being too afraid to ask, I finally understand what "XD" represents
After taking shots of five hour energy, vodka is easy
Aggressively posting in my home feed to try to improve the quality. 
Ah, time for my daily child's pose as I soak the pages of homework-yet-to-be-done with my tears. 
Ahh both horny af and not ready for a random hu. Sigh 
Ahhhh
Alcohol culture can be so fucked up sometimes. Not other times it's just pretty fun
All I need is one more coffee, two more sources, 3 more pages
All I want for my birthdayyy is a 401k
All I want to know is the time KAF opens in the summer. 
All alums just want to have sophomore summer again. Pumped for the next three months. 
All anybody really wants in life is free t-shirts shot at them from a cannon.
All buses don't come with water and pretzels?? 
All day rigor
All gave some, some gave all. God bless all of those who served our country and helped preserve liberty at home and throughout the world. Happy Memorial Day everyone!
All hail the magic conch!
All my floormates left and now I'm lonely
All my friends' hot party sisters are here
All of the green print stations are broken #MDF
All real ballers report to the gym 
All the 15s
All the A's in Australia are pronounced differently...
All the guys that turn me on turn me down
All the yaks at home are tourists looking for weed
All these alums need to take their loud, misbehaving children home
All these cute couples on social media is just way too much for me to handle :( 
All these high schoolers need to leave. Emphasis on high. Never seen so many drug requests on yikyak
Almonds. Ingredients: almonds. Contains:almonds. Not sure what I expected
Almost got hit my a car biking. Not even mad
Already having dreams about someone smashing this car into pieces. Oh wait, I can't sleep.
Alright who's down for an anonymous hookup in someone's empty dorm room
Alum here. Kinda want to smoke some grass with someone
Alum visiting campus. Pulling an all-nighter in the lib. Some things never change.
Alums, I know you're here to have fun, but I'm tryna sleep. 
Always secretly hoping someone has made an admiring yak about me
Am I the only one that got really excited when I saw the words "Wireless Network Change" in VOX Daily?
Am I the only one who has never really had any issues with Dartmouth Secure? 
Am I the only one who stands up when wiping?
Am I the only one who thinks rompers are ugly? They're like one piece pajamas that don't cover your ass. 
Am I the only virgin left at this school 
Amazing 
Ambulance right outside the library now instead of on Webster ave
America IS exceptional. And it's really fucked up that that is no longer politically correct to say. We should be proud. #'murica #MemorialDayWeekend
America: Happy fourh of July! Britain: Where's the "t"? America: Boston Harbor
American cheese is now yellow, not white
An S&S officer just bought my late night because he jokingly accused me of "pick-pocketing" and got worried when I looked embarrassed 
An innocent attempt to share stories with friends from home inevitably spirals into an explanation of "blitz," "flitz," "last chances," "Frandsy," "Sun God," and "academic rigor"
And I find shitlibs annoying as fuck. They get offended way too easily. 
And I packed my umbrella 
And in today's performance the Sungod will be playing a linear succession melody called Saturday Morning Alarm Clock
And just like that it was our last day as college students
And just like that, he was gone #LarryLegend
And just like that, we're out! 
And with the 15's comes the first class of yik yak alumni, forever part of the herd. 
Another yak about last chances
Any 16s hangin around 15X?
Any 17s wanna start 15x early and get weird tn
Any NARPs swim for exercise here? I hate running...
Any advice on a good climbing rope (preferably <10mm) None of my friends back home are outdoorsy
Any females down for rainy Sunday sex and cuddling?
Any gal want to get banged like a screen door in a hurricane. Let me know 
Any girls wanna cuddle with a guy? Super lonely and depressed 
Any grills wanna trade nudes?
Any guys fallen for their hookups?
Any ladies if Dartmouth have a strap on and know how to use it?
Any ladies interested in a RAOMD?
Any news from the last chances people concerning when they are closing it?
Any objections to me unplugging the loudspeakers till Clinton actually shows up?
Any other '15s still on campus? I miss my people.
Any other '18s on campus? :) 
Any other girls looking to experiment?
Any parties going on now? 
Any parties tonight?
Any pizza can be a dessert pizza if you eat it after dinner. In bed. Watching YouTube videos. At 2 in the morning. Naked.
Any tips on treating stress insomnia that's affecting me for a third night in a row??
Any update from the AD breakfast with Hanlon?
Anybody know the median for Spaller's final??
Anybody know what to do with the laundry service bags? I got an email about leaving them outside, but I'm not sure.
Anybody need a fridge? 
Anyone at home for the summer but your high school friends aren't home? #alreadylonely
Anyone awake and wanna save seats for graduation ??
Anyone else confused by the cs 51 median?
Anyone else eat the chili at foco last night and really regret it right about now?
Anyone else ever get the immediately-upon-waking sads about a recent breakup? I'm fine for most of the day but waking up I just get stuck remembering...
Anyone else ever just sit on the toilet way past when you've gone to the bathroom and wonder what you're doing with your life? 
Anyone else ever smoke enough weed that it felt like an acid trip? Seriously I couldn't walk or do anything just seeing insane visuals
Anyone else feel ashamed when dropping a class? Like I didn't just not get credit I wasted tuition 
Anyone else feel like their body is still recovering from green key?
Anyone else find it even a little sad when human connection gets replaced with pizza? 
Anyone else finding sophomore summer kind of lonely? 
Anyone else get chronic gas from EBA's, or is it just me?
Anyone else getting fucked over on the snapchat update tap instead of hold. It's like several years of my life I've been working towards that habit now they want to change it
Anyone else getting listserv bombing even though you're not on this term? 
Anyone else getting to school tomorrow?
Anyone else have a thing for girls with glasses?
Anyone else realize that everyone that's been in power recently at Dartmouth  has just tried to eff over the student body? 
Anyone else scared?
Anyone else think it's weird that now that gay marriage is legal literally like zero huge fireballs have come raining down on us from heaven?
Anyone else tryna finish the Dartmouth 7 before graduation? Male 15 here
Anyone else waiting until they're done with finals to start last chancing?
Anyone else's parents blackout too?
Anyone else's power just go out? 
Anyone ever feel like they entered college with so much potential and huge aspirations, yet when they look at themselves today think they failed? At internships, jobs etc?
Anyone ever watched The Booth at the End? 
Anyone get EBAs recently? Still waiting for mine
Anyone going to the free concert on the Green tonight? 
Anyone have packing tape? Will give hugs <3
Anyone in econ 20 want to give a hand/work on p set? 
Anyone know how to prevent Hinman from forwarding mail to my house? I'll be on campus this summer. 
Anyone know how to unsubscribe from the ruckus listserv? It's not listed on the listerv site. 
Anyone know if late night is open tonight?
Anyone know if new hamp storage is filled yet?  
Anyone know if the natatorium is open?
Anyone know what's with the trumpets on the green?
Anyone know when stinson's opens?
Anyone know where I can take a suit to get tailored?
Anyone left wanting to rage through the interim?
Anyone on here 21 years old? 
Anyone on the organic farming strip?
Anyone on the ropes course strip?
Anyone on yik yak?! Lol Dartmouth commencement 
Anyone realize that Hanlon's office hours for all students are only 45 minutes?? The man should be required to make a State of the Union address for all the shit he changed 
Anyone still need a final streaked tomorrow?
Anyone streaking math23 in wilder 111?
Anyone wanna hookup
Anyone want to give me a KJTC team tennis champ shirt? 
Anyone want to help me become a father today?
Anyone watching Hannibal tonight?
Anyone who ever drank water died.  Remember that. 
Anyone who's not doing corporate recruiting wanna hang out right now?
Anything is machine washable if you put it in the washing machine *i think hopefully as I watch my free people dress swirl around in the suds*
Anywhere have pong tonight? Anyone still around? 
Apparently "I go to Dartmouth" is not a good pick up line in Hanover.
Apply to be in SA this summer!!! Join the corruption 
Aqil Shah should be renamed Achill Shah
Are 17s last chancing 17s?
Are all dining facilities closed right now? 
Are fish waterproof?
Are people at this school more liked/considered sexier if they're part of the Greek system? how do people start hooking up? I've been here 4 years and I still don't understand attraction @ dartmouth
Are people just going ham on frandsy right now? 
Are std tests at dick's house free?
Are the worst 
Are there 10 weeks in summer term or only 9?
Are there any current or former parliamentary debaters on campus that'd be interested in judging some debates for money?
Are there any seats left?
Are there any working printers right now?
Are there fireworks?
Are there last chances for grad students? Can we get some love too?
Are there no listserv blitzes today?
Are we seriously going to have a Bush/Clinton race coming up? It's like everyone has amnesia
Are we supposed to bring a resume to these company info sessions?
Are we voting again for a new VP?
Are y'all into helping a prospie out? 
Are you guys hearing these numerous loud birds?? They make me sad to be awake this early
Are you there God, it's me, Keggy
Aren't boneless wings really just grown up chicken nuggets?
Art is how we decorate space, music is how we decorate time.
As Dartmouth students, we get 40% off today at the pink alligator! 
As I ponder weak and weary upon this morning dreary, I hear a gentle tapping- a gentle rapping, upon my chamber door. I call out who's there. She says "no more, no more"
As a 16 on for Senior week, is there any reason to fill out last chances? Or would a 15 guy who had had interest in me already have told me over the last 3 years?
As a gay at Dartmouth, tying to find someone for the past few years has shattered my self esteem.
As a girl I just want to be railed mercilessly during finals week
As a guy I love it when a girl jumps on top and holds my hands above my head as she goes to town. Nothing hotter than being pinned like that.
As a veteran, I'm pretty pissed the gym is closed on Memorial Day 
As an alum, I really want a felt year banner. Is it too late for me?
As hundreds of students move out, I will be moving into the library
As much as I love Dartmouth, screw this, i'm ready to go home...
As nasty as this weather is, it does a damn good job of keeping me in the lib. Thanks NH weather?
As someone who just got out of an "almost" relationship: "he's just not that into you" isn't just for women in their late 20s. Actions speak louder than words and you deserve someone who truly cares
As soon as the Prof conjugates a verb in the future tense, it's time to pack up
As we all know, jogging at 5:30 AM is much healthier than doing it at a normal time 
As we hit minute 21 of this damn car alarm I have now imagined 21 horrible fates of its owner 
Asian bagpiper. It's a juicy contradiction!
Ask Siri was 0/0 is 
Ask Siri: "what does the fox say"
Asking someone to your formal a week in advance isn't aggressive, it's considerate 
Ass to ass
Astro 2/3, most face timey class at Dartmouth 
At Tokyo Narita for my last flight in three days. The jetlag is real
At a certain point after graduation Im going to have to stop using Yik yak, but when? Eventually Im going to be out of touch with the dmouth zeitgeist.I wanna know when to leave the party with dignity
At delayed flight terminal gate with Dartmouth sweater on, casually walking around just waiting for an alumn to notice me. Or not. 
At home now and the top yaks are "any post prom parties tonight?" and "I'm a big booty hoeeeeeee". I miss Dartmouth already.
At least with no AC I've sweat out my hangover already
At school, I was an athlete so I was one of the more impressive people in the gym. At home, steroids are run through the locker room so everyone has biceps as big as my head 
At that point in my studying where I am no longer sure if I care whether I pass or fail 
Attention Gold Coast, here is your morning wake up call!
Attractive people be like: "Just be yourself!!!"
Auto-flush toilets rob us of our agency. Bring back manual. Bring back freedom.
Avoiding the urge to like your own Facebook statuses after getting in the habit of liking your own yaks 
Ayn Rand correctly predicted that the outcome of a community ruled by liberals would be everyone exaggerates their needs and downplays their abilities.  Dartmouth is proof of that.
Ayyyy kids, where the party at? Uncle Bill is looking to get down tonight
BAEsecamp 
BARN BABIES 
BLACKHAWKS WIN! 
Ba Na Na
Back to the library 
Backwood's, game's, dutchies or swisher's?
Bacon everyday. Fuck sausage.
Baker bell tower tours??
Bank of America here in Hanover is by far the slowest bank I have ever been to 
Barhop: A replacement for frat basement drinks. Topliff 1: A replacement for frat basement scents.
Barn Babies is for sure the best place to pick up chicks today...and there will be tons of girls there too
Basecamp still makes more sense than herd.
Bathrooms where the toilet is directly facing a mirror are my worst nightmare
Be a frootloop in a world of Cheerios
Be there in 20, plz wait!! 
Beaker vs straight bong?
Because it's June and I should be wearing a jacket right now. 
Been awake for an hour but haven't gotten out of bed because I don't want my day to start yet. 
Been going through a rough time where I can't pick myself up, but the KAF guy just treated me with such kindness and I smiled for the first time in a long time. 30 seconds of kindness can mean so much
Been home a week now and not once did my parents want to watch me whip.
Beer has calories. Calories are energy. I'm tired. I need energy. I should drink beer. 
Being a neuroscience major and spelling neuroscience incorrectly on a daily basis..
Being able to spread out in bed without worrying about going over the narrow edge and falling 5 feet to your death 
Being away from Dartmouth has never felt so sad and so strange. Have an unreal summer, friends! I will be living vicariously through you. Love, a '17 on medical leave 
Being home from college makes me realize all the insane shit I do while I'm away, like drinking like an alcoholic and taking 16.5 minute naps 
Being home is a painful reminder of how much my mother can nag me. 
Being home makes me realize that if I had my dog at Dartmouth I'd be infinitely happier
Being home makes me want to actually read Vox Daily
Being home reminds me of how much a privelege food and healthy food options are
Being super careful when stalking someone to make sure you don't accidentally like some thing or send a friend request...
Belated shout out to SigEp for trolling DDD's national about a fake pine tree order. Appreciate it
Below median in all classes for sure. Someone has to. You're all welcome.
Best controlled storage on campus? AD basement
Best cyph spots?
Best flirting move with a stranger? 
Best full bed rental on campus? 
Best netflix tv show to watch baked?
Best part of having a single is that I can have my nightly crying sessions, and I woke wake anyone up
Best practice material for physics 14?
Best pump up songs? 
Best strategies for losing weight? Gotta drop 15 pounds by the end of the summer
Best swimming places in Hanover?
Best thing to eat baked?
Best thing to get for lunch at PINE?
Best way to get laid is to simply ask.
Better cell reception in the River. 
Beware night dwellers. It's going to rain soon. 
Bi guy seeks cuddle buddy. Preference will be given to people with singles. 
Big fan of the couple on the green right now
Bikini season is just around the corner! But so is the pizza place and the ice cream...
Blackedin in the middle of my group presentation
Bless you, DDS employees. You provide me with much needed conversation, compassion, humor, and sustenance in this otherwise dark time.
Blindfold and handcuffs needed.....
Blitz down for others too?
Blow jobs are better then no jobs
Blow the Bermuda Buddha this summer my friends, it is one of the few times you can really blaze out before life gets real on you. 
Boloco should give 15% off to all '15s.
Boners are silly
Bong rips on rainy days 
Books by swiss lips is a song that every graduating senior should listen to
Boomers ASAP please
Boot all over the 3fb bathroom. Who says we don't rage anymore
Booty's back on the menu!
Bored askin myself which of my traits are evolutionary 
Bought Crest White Strips. Can't figure out when to use them bc I'm always drinking either coffee or wine.
Bought my friend an elephant for his room. He said "thanks." "Don't mention it" I said 
Bowies "eight line poem" came on this morning and I was like "almost...almost"
Boys turn your tinder on so I can hit you uppppp 
Boys, what's your favorite body wash/shampoo? Yall smell good 
Brain at work: I need sleep NOW. Brain before bed: I ain't tired, the fuck you doing?
Brits always talking about how Americans go "overboard on Independence Day". Nah bro the only thing that went overboard was your tea 
Brown University is the Ivy League's Ringo
Bruh 
Buff chick pizza from ebas: about $15. Keg of keystone: $80. Tuition of Dartmouth: over $60,000. Golden treeing 18s: priceless. 
Bug bite on my big toe. I hate everything
Burger King telling us we can "have it your way" is kind of misunderstanding the basic principles of a monarchy.
But is the gym open today?
But like is Clinton actually coming to campus or is she just fundraising at some private house in town?
But like, what do I do with my hands? What hand gets the diploma and what hand do I use for shaking Phil's hand? So unprepared 
But why male models?
Butt play is love, butt play is life 
Bye Dartmouth. I'm gonna miss you 
Bye bye seg fault. Hello pillow
Bye, Philicia
CANADA
CONGRATULATIONS 15s!!!!!
CS10 was brutal, wow.
Calculus...calc...alc...alcohol
Called something "sick", got an MD from Cornell
Calling it right now. Lush Life will be the song of 15X
Calling your girlfriend Dumbledore because she is the real headmaster 
Came to Dartmouth to win back my man. And it was a success 
Camping with my best Dartmouth friends. Herd for life!
Campus wide nap time right now 
Can 'The Crumbs' stop spamming me. 
Can Cunningham step down? 
Can I get a meemoo
Can I get a piece of that dad bod
Can I just say I love Dartmouth yaks. I mean you guys are legitimately awesome. Just saying.
Can I last chance a three or foursome? (I'm a girl)
Can anyone hook me up with some weed today
Can anyone tell me why spotify has a new version every month and it continues to do the exact same thing with no improvements but worse navigation
Can last chances just reveal all the crushes already? Who the fuck are these ten people? 
Can my last chances crushes just send me an email or F a ce book message? Even "how are you doing?" will work. Would love to at least talk one last/first time before I leave Dartmouth
Can someone explain to me why venmo is such a great app?
Can someone in baker please let us in on the wilder side 
Can someone please take shot with them to the stage, shake Hanlon's hand and then down it right after?
Can someone please tell me what is going on in Math 31?
Can the real Frank Cunningham please step down, please step down...
Can the sun show itself for once um
Can tuck bridge be over already...Too many non Dartmouth students at dance parties being creepy 
Can ups packages be dropped of at Hinman?
Can we get key envelopes at any of the key drop stations?
Can we have a conversation about the Charleston tragedy? Thoughts? 
Can we have a policy where commented-on comments don't get deleted? 
Can we make "I need friends" stickers to wear on our shirts? 
Can we not loudly sand all the columns in the library during finals week?
Can you guys stop asking people to "just blitz me" about last chances. We don't know who you are/ don't care about how desperate you are 
Can't believe I just finished my last night out. Let the grind begin. 
Can't even login (card or touch screen) onto Greenprint wtf
Can't find it online: does anyone know Byrne's hours for summer term? 
Can't follow you on insta but they'd love to add you to their professional network 
Can't say KDE without AD
Can't you play basketball tomorrow??? #letchoatessleep
Cant wait to read FC's blitz
Canvas is my social media
Canvas momentarily went down because too many people were studying on it..
Canvas: "Term paper graded." Me: *tries to check grade* Dartmouth Secure: "Yo I'm really happy for you and imma let you finish, but you MIGHT have had the best paper of all time, we'll never know." 
Car alarm going off rn behind the fays for a solid 10 min....
Carleton College had a "Dartmouth Pong" themed party last night where they all played with paddles. Sometimes I'm so proud I go to Dartmouth. 
Cashier: (sees my lanyard) Where do you go to school? Me: it's called Dartmouth, in NH. Him: Ohhhhh...cool... (thinks "poor kid couldn't get in anywhere else")
Casually missing everyone and everything at Dartmouth
Catching up with home friends makes me realize how much I truly miss Dartmouth. These people are awful
Celebrating the completion of my final paper by ripping a j and watching planet earth in bed. Happy 420am
Celibate "by choice"
Chaching! Just got to 4 digits on my debit account
Changing my Facebook name to No One so that I can start liking other people's unfunny statuses
Check out the Mouth's interview with Sun God. The guy reads our yikyak posts lol
Check out the new A$AP
Checked grades. Nothing that wasn't an A. No As either. In fact, no grades at all. Thanks, Hanover FSP!
Cheers from Berlin y'all
Cheers to the fucking weekend!!! 
Chem 6. 3 PM. 
Choose a house  that you like that likes you back.... think carefully it'll firm your Dartmouth experience  for better or worse
Chug a beer for every frat bro wearing a "back to back world war champs" tank today
Class marshals are just glorified line leaders
Class or no class
Classic dartmouth student? Overprivileged and  undersexed (yes I fit the description)
Classic psi u canceling their party 30 mins after it started. 
Clean Pit and cold brew. GDX pong tonight 
Clear s. Full s. Can't lose. 
Climaxis in deserto
Clinton @bema in 1 hour
Clinton is coming to Dartmouth on Friday. I also have a pong tournament on Friday. Therefore, I will be playing pong on Friday. 
Closing my eyes in bed only to run back to desk bc I know myself too well and will never wake up from a "15min nap"
Coffee shits are the best. I feel like I just pooped out 5 pounds. 
Coffee so black it had a dream 
Coke so brown it's in a bottle. 
Coke so white it claps at the end of the movie
Coke so white it claps when the plane lands 
Coke so white it doesn't get shot at the end of the rampage
Coke so white it had a birthday party for its dog
Coke so white it's head of the NAACP
Coke so white, fuck its tears
Coke so white, its father will be hearing about this.
College is basically just sitting with a laptop in different places
College: an exercise in learning to be fueled by anxiety and adrenaline.
Collis coffee cake today is incredible. 
Collis employee bumping Headband by 2 Chainz is exactly the kind of content I am here to see
Collis for opening early today and being open this weekend for finals. #thatacademicrigor
Collis is open in the morning, ya?
Collis is open!
Collis just closed
Collis looks open 
Collis lunch entree is ON POINT today
Collis open today?
Collis opens at 11.
Collis special today is burritos. BYO guac, but they're yummy. 
Collis workers are the most amazing, kind, helpful DDS workers on this campus and I love them
Come out of the womb, they said. It'll be fun, they said. 
Come see the show
Come to GDX tonight for the best time of your life. The boys are ready to celebrate 
Come to SD plz
Come to the green with a j we will pay u a lot of $$$$
Come to the memorial challenge!!!
Coming off that finals weeks tolerance break 
Commencement shout out to my yik yak herd!
Commencement speaker is priiiiime 
Comment which final you want streaked!!
Community and friendship. 
Congrats 15s! Miss yall already
Contemplated flitzing my last chance match. Turned on pandora. Last Chance by nicki minaj plays. ITS A SIGN
Convinced that JD never wanted to do Student Assembly but FC and his cronies bribed her to so he could get the female/underclassmen vote, and now they're finally letting her be free. 
Cookie dough packages say "do not consume," therefore you can eat it at long as it's not habitual 
Cop cars off of frat row near Kemeny. Be careful walking back right now.
Corporate recruiting: came for the coke stayed for bbq 
Could someone with DBA possibly get me an iced coffee from Kaf. If yes, please leave it on first floor stacks outside the elevator and I will be eternally grateful
Could this godforsaken state get any hotter or more humid?!
Couldn't find one of my shoes, got on the floor to check under my roommate's bed, saw a PILE of used pads in the back corner. WHAT. THE. FUCK. 
Couldn't sleep all night cause I was worried about my paper. Was up all night so I finished my paper. 
Couple next to me in Foco is making me physically ill
Couples that look like brother and sister seriously creep me out 
Cover your mouth when you cough. I don't want your plague during finals period.
Crashing a reunion like "can I please have a job?"
Cruel to make the 65s sing Dartmouth im dying? 
Crush on lastchance is my friend who i clicked to check if he was trolling me and he tells me that he clicked first thinking I was trolling him 
Crushed hard on a girl abroad in the fall, but I had a significant other still at school. Now we are through and I wish I would have ended the relationship then and moved forward with this other girl.
Crushes be ready to get booty calls COZ DiZ sTuD iz coming HoMe in 5 days 
Crushing one wheelock karaoke scene
Current personal battle: Getting up. Not sure who wants the other more, me or my bed
Current top yak in hometown: "chick on tinder<chicken tender"... I should never have left...
Currently battling a very lengthy 1v1 pooping stalemate 
Currently helping my mom look for her cookies I ate 30 minutes ago.
Currently looking for anyone to have a fun night with
Cute DHL guy, please deliver me your package
Cya in the fall big D
Cyborg pussy... I bet it's perfect
DBA at 0, anyone want to grab lunch?
DDS shuts down on weekends and bed becomes rampant with crumbs
DDS worker greets: "Hi. How are you?" Me: "High. How are you?"
DID A FRAT GET A HUSKY PUPPY!??
DO YOU REALLY NEED TO BE DOING LAWN WORK SO EARLY IN THE MOR- oh. it's 11:30. alright I guess that's reasonable
Dad bod = father figure
Dad bod? Nah. Give me a nice toned bod any day. 
Damn I just want to kiss a girl
Damn Jupiter and Saturn, why don't yall be more greedy with all them moons
Damn good grilled cheese
Damn't, it's light out. 
Damn, all these attractive people wearing fancy outfits, and I'm like, "Pants on? Mission accomplished."
Dang frat row smells like bacon
Dari for VP
Dart Dorm- no one likes you. Stop blitzing out
Dartmouth I love you but you're bringing me down.
Dartmouth Tonight was some cool shit. Especially winterhill. 
Dartmouth encourages unconventional courses of undergraduate education.. Yet their strict transfer credit/term requirements make it IMPOSSIBLE for me to study something I love, that isn't offered here
Dartmouth frantically trying to look nice for graduation. Now it knows how cramming for a final feels
Dartmouth graduated the only two Ivy League catchers to play in the World Series in the last century.
Dartmouth hall spotlights are off. 7 @now?
Dartmouth has a problem... the people who attend summer camps over sophomore summer
Dartmouth is crying right along with me right Now
Dartmouth made me lose my hope in finding love. 
Dartmouth makes me worry that none of my friends here actually like me
Dartmouth needs to be more open minded about kink
Dartmouth on Purpose should've scheduled their UnPlug Day yesterday. The Blackout would've made almost all of campus participate
Dartmouth people talk about Dartmouth because they like Dartmouth. Harvard people talk about Harvard because they like themselves. 
Dartmouth should offer some type of sex education to first year students. I don't think many realize how little some people of different backgrounds even in America get in High School.
Dartmouth students who say they have bad gpas when they don't are the reason I have trust issues
Dartmouth to buy '15s graduation robe carpeting to commemorate the best class ever 
Dartmouth would be a great place for someone with a moustache fetish
Dartmouth would be a great place for someone with a salmon shorts and boat shoes fetish
Dartmouth yak game is so fucking strong
Dartmouth's approach  to caring for the mental health of their students is at the upmost priority. MDF should focus on our health before academic rigor
Dartmouth, what's something you figured out embarrassingly late in your life?
Dartmouth, you beautiful son of a bitch
Dartmouth...where men can marry rich. 
Dat Fallout 4 trailer.
Day drinking is fucking exhausting... Is it nap time yet?
Day three of dried vomit in the hall
Days like these are why I keep wool socks in my backpack.  
Days like today are why 2as are always a bad idea.
Days like today really drive home to me how much I don't understand how weather works 
Dazed and confused 
Dear 15s: now that you've graduated, please tell me the favorite secret pooping spots on campus you used 
Dear Boy on Skateboard,  I will fuck your lights out if you show me how to ride that thing. 
Dear Old Dartmouth Get Aroused 
Dear President Hanlon, came across this quote in my Cicero reading and thought of you: "The tyrant Dionysius, when he [was deposed], became a schoolmaster, so deep was his attachment to power." Xo
Dear people trying make rainbows: the order goes red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple. 
Dear person sitting next to me on 4fb: 
Dear tinder match, I almost talked to you today in foco. Almost. 
Decline of the ramen: first they came for the pork belly. Then the fish cakes. Now the noodles??
Definitely feels like a Friday so I must not have class tomorrow...
Dentist: ok open up  "Well I guess it all started when my dad left..."  Dentist: no I mean-   Assistant: wait bill...let him finish
Dessert after sex, call that sore-bae
Dick's house finally gives me antibiotics for my sinus infection and turns out they'll inactivate my birth control for a month... Can't win 'em all
Dicks house tells me I'm drunk but refuses to give me any liquids. I don't understand. If I had just gone home I would've drinken 3 bottles of Gatorade by now. 
Did Dartmouth On Purpose really just ask me to unplug from technology today? No. Never again.
Did Spotify change the app color - it's hurting my eyeballs  
Did anyone else realize that the guy evening out the poles on ffb is using paint instead of plaster...? See yuh again next term buddy
Did anyone else see the fireworks over the green just now?
Did anyone hear if they made a decision on DOMA yet? Haven't heard anything.
Did not see my lc at SD. Sad face.
Did tdx actually have a buttplay party last night?
Did the Listserv Moderator really just send me an email saying they were gonna miss me?
Did you gain or lose weight sophomore summer? I'm tryin to lose 
Did you guys gain or lose weight over sophomore summer?
Did you guys just wake up or are you pullin the alnighter grind with me? :(
Did you just step down from doing nothing? How does that work
Did you know that type O blood was meant to be called "type zero" blood due to its lack of glycoproteins, but it was misread. I guess you could call it a typo. 
Did you know you can use your nipple on the iPhone touch screen?!
Didn't go out last night. Wanna get turnt and go to a dance party tonight. Where should I go? 
Didn't have hot water for my oatmeal this morning, but I had hot coffee. Honestly, not horrible and rather efficient!
Didn't think the FB suggested posts could get much worse until I got the option to like a page called Cornell Big Red
Diglett is pretty much a dildo
Do I still get my patagonia?
Do Murphy's apartments have AC? 
Do a 17 and 15 couple have a chance at staying together after graduation?
Do a split on my dick
Do any girls here even own a strapon?
Do any of you use a flashcard app? Which do you recommend? 
Do any other girls pee in the shower?
Do guys not like eating - asking for a friend 
Do people know they're dry
Do people think campus is generally more liberal or conservative? I would say liberal, but I don't associate much with all you Econ majors out there..
Do people who run around commenting that something is a re-yak think they're providing some important service for everyone else?
Do some girls go to dance parties to dance alone or are they just really picky??
Do something crazy
Do the chickens have large talons?
Do they sell umbrellas at collis?
Do tri delts like Kaf? 
Do u think ppl make stuff to watch when they are high?
Do we have to wear our robes for the graduation rehearsal this morning? 
Do you always watch for the longest day of the year and then miss it? I always watch for the longest day of the year and then miss it. #Gatsby
Do you ever get really romantically frustrated
Do you ever think about how many whole chickens you've eaten in a lifetime? It's actually incredible 
Do you have to write a thesis to graduate with honors?
Do you really have to flaunt them so much?
Do you think any profs will give extensions?
Do you think jcrew accepts leftover dba?
Does AD even know where Tabard is? 
Does any 15 not have all their grades? 
Does anybody have any ridiculously effective remedy methods to help a girl with slight cold symptoms get back to health within today so I can hit the scene tonight? DayQuil ...?
Does anybody know what the specific shade of paint Dartmouth's dorms walls are? Need to do some touchup work.
Does anyone else break out really bad around finals period? Stress acne is real and I currently have a unicorn head sprouting off my forehead 
Does anyone else feel like a smoothie tastes better with a draw?
Does anyone else get diarrhea from drinking coffee? Every time?
Does anyone else get hungry late at night, thinking about breakfast the next day?
Does anyone have Shows or Now feature on Spotify yet? 
Does anyone here know someone who transferred from here because of shittily renewed aid?
Does anyone in tuck blaze
Does anyone know how to lower the difficulty on Tinder?
Does anyone know the names of the horses that were on the Green?
Does anyone on campus model? I want to do a fashion photoshoot (nothing sketchy) but not sure how to find models.
Does chat roulette still exist? Asking for a friend 
Does everyone have at least 3 crushes? That's the minimum I've seen
Does foco have sushi today? 
Does foco still have ramen?
Does green print work during interim?
Does it look like I haven't done laundry?
Does last chances work for underclassmen entering underclassmen?
Does picking the font style, size, and spacing count as starting my essay?
Does the Formula 1 "Motor Race in Monaco" snap story remind anyone else of the speed racers from stars wars?
Does the equestrian team brand their horses?
Doesn't anyone on this campus know how to flush a toilet?
Don't be a bitch these last few days before graduating this should be a moment of happiness for everyone 
Don't be a hard rock when you really are a gem. 
Don't be that dick who puts their bike right in back of another one. 
Don't change who you are for a crush/hook-up. There's a reason there interested in you. Trying to be the person you think they want will only hurt your chances of starting something serious. Be you
Don't eat the EBA chicken you will have the shits for days.
Don't forget rehearsal today. If you see a friend missing try and get them here!
Don't forget to stop and smell the roses this week
Don't get me wrong- I love being back home- but people here drive like they are actively trying to murder you.
Don't let "I love you" be the password to your pussy.
Don't let the summer slip by too quickly 
Don't let your dreams be dreams
Don't think, just flitz!
Don't troll- any parties happening tonight? The rain is making it so I will only go out if I have a solid plan
Don't visit Dartmouth and wear a Yale shirt, you lard. 
Don't you dare look up, keep your eyes on the screen, I know you're holding back, just shut up and match with me!
Door slammers are the worst kind of people. There's a special place in hell for y'all.
Dorm heat is blasting, but the showers are ice cold. Never empathized with Goldilocks this much in my life
Dorm too quiet :(
Down vote all you want. He was controlling, untrusting, hypocritical and did not support Rachel's career
Down vote this 
Download skipple!!
Dressel steps down but not Cunningham...?
Drink beers for the boys!
Drinking out of a collis cold cup: wait no don't decompose yet I'm still using u
Drinking preworkout with the boys because we rally
Driving at home and thinking every ford explorer is S&S
Driving on the freeway. See a gray Ford Explorer think it's S&S. Tell myself they can't do anything. Keep on speeding. 15 seconds later I get pulled over. When did police get explorers?
Drop panties, not bombs
Dropped a tack in my bed... I'm just gonna risk it and see how it goes 
Dropped my 9L, so my earliest class is now a 10. Budgeted the same amount of time for pre-10s KAF line as I used to for pre-9s KAF like. Now realize my mistake. 
Dropped my cup in foco and caught it off the first bounce. 
Dropping your phone on your face late at night while lying in bed <<<<<
Drunk English: Tequila Mockingbird
Dude sitting behind me sounds like he shoved a whistle up his nose
Due to #mdf, there will now be a direct correlation between orgo medians and clandestine drug operations in the Upper Valley. 
Due to finals period, I have officially skipped leg day. I'd like to apologize to my fans, friends, and family. I will do everything in my power to earn back your respect in the future #squats
During freshman orientation there should be a 1 day class on how to fix green print. It would be the most applicable skill you learn at Dartmouth.
During the blackout dartmouth secure worked perfectly... But now everyone is back on track it can't handle its shit
During the first few days and weeks of the term, I always feel like getting an A is really possible. Midterms turn this possibility into a dream and by the end of the term it is seriously a joke.  
EBAs is life
EBAs lady hung up on me at 2:08, then when I called back, she said, "EBAs, we're closed." I may be a little pissed off 
EVERYONE do last chances! Yes, everyone!! It is literally to your benefit that you do it. Please do it. It will take 2 seconds. Please please please! You just never know.
Easy ways to get pe creds?
Eat(optional), sleep(probably not) study, throw papers saying fuck finals, pick them back up because you have a final tomorrow, go insane, cry, repeat
Eating german chocolate cake for breakfast
Eating gummy vites and wishing they were grilled cheese 
Econ 1 Final Silsby 028 3-6pm today!!!
Econ 20 at 3 in Filene. Someone streak plzzzzz.
El presidente giving eulogy at vice prez'z sons funeral. Hope a president gives my eulogy 
Empty handles should now be placed on the steps of Dartmouth Hall
Erased his number and eliminated the temptation to send 10 texts in a row after six games of pong. 
Euler was an awkward NARP who sat inside and did math all day
Even Baker Bell tower is running 15 min late
Ever since they put up that captcha thing I can't submit any names for last chances 
Ever sit there trying to study, then start to have a weird dream before you even realize you're falling asleep?
Every day is one day closer to graduation and I am scared shitless of the real world
Every day yikyak makes me miss undergrad so much that I want to get some new clothes and possibly a facelift so I can infiltrate you guys. Make the most of your experience. -Grad student
Every night I die.  The next morning, someone else wakes up and thinks they're me.
Every snack you make, every meal you bake, every bite you take, I'll be watching you. 
Every time I leave AD I hate them more. NOT RIP. ByEEEE 
Every time I see pre-fight photos of boxers, it just looks like they're going to make out or bang each other. Shirtlessness increase the homoeroticism 
Every time I walk into the gym I fall in love about eight times.
Every time it rains the poor squirrels get wet 
Every time the coach drives past the "welcome to Hanover" sign, I become inexplicably happy 
Every unit: "here's something important and this is why it's great and works but here are some studies that say it doesn't actually help so it's actually pointless and the poor are fucked"
Everybody doing laundry in McLaughlin today, make sure to switch it out of the machines ASAP once it's done unless you want it on the counter
Everybody wants to be an investment banker but nobody wants to be friends :(
Everyday I spend my time 
Everyone come to the BBQ tomorrow to support Chilchood Cancer Research @Tri-Kap. The BBQ starts at noon with food, a hot dog eating contest, a raffle and lots of fun. All proceeds for a great cause! 
Everyone comment their hometown's Top Yak 
Everyone get Pair!
Everyone in my home town be talking porn
Everyone makes fun of me for saving blunt roaches, but who's laughing now when the weed man is all dry. 
Everyone remember all of those people who we have lost who should have been graduating with us today
Everyone snap chatting pictures of them all fancy in New York and I'm here taking selfies with the three year olds I babysit
Everyone wash your hands and use hand sanitizer. You won't get a cold/stomach bug if you do. 
Everyone's out there pulling all nighters and I'm just here pulling trigger
Ex sent me a shower pic. What do?
Excited for high noon at 4:15 am. Omg people of the first light
FB sends me daily notifications for all my friend's birthdays, but mark zuckerberg can't put a little code together to wish me happy birthday. The winklevoss twins might have been on to something
FC is a joke. 
FC really had to change his profile picture within five minutes of her email to campus? Classy...
FREN 3 final in a half hour. But I'm watching the French Open so I'm feeling confident
FUCK I FORGOT TO REGISTER FOR FALL CLASSES
Face down ass up...is how I tie my shoes
Failed cs 10 :(
Falling for someone over break and realizing he likes you back too but you both can't do anything about it because of the distance. WHAT TO DO
Farmer's Market is back! 
Farmers market today!
Fart is 100% frat
Fart is 75% art
Farting while showering=suicide bombing
Febreeze is the same as doing laundry right 
Feeling so suicidal. 
Feeling unstoppable for about 2-5 days after period ends
Feliz cumpleaos, Amrica. 
Fell asleep during this lecture in class and now going back through it it's putting me to sleep again
Female dogs kind of have the ultimate resting bitch face.
Fifteens were cool 
Fill out Dartmouth health care waiver form by today to not get fined...it's on banner
Finally at the W's !!!!
Finally get to see my friends over sophomore summer then immediately say goodbye for 2 terms. What shit is this. 
Finally going to sleep. Good night/morning guys
Finally left sudikoff to two labs still full of students working at 2am on Friday Night
Finally made it back to the lib after an all nighter only to realize I left my laptop at home. Currently scared that if I return to the gravitational field of my bed I will never escape it again. 
Finally starting to like someone and then having to go home for the summer. :(
Finally worked up the courage to tell my parents they're gay 
Finally. Quiet.
Finally. Quiet. And this time for reals.
Finals is when you can listen to albums all the way from start to finish. 
Finals on a Sunday at 3pm when it's this nice out.....
Finals sushi at Foco!!
Finals week is a great excuse to lie in bed until 1 every day
Finals week is fucking Interstellar. Seemingly120 years have passed over the course of 3 days. 
Finals week, but FOCO had forks upstairs, so that's nice. 
Finals: 3. Fucks given:0. You win, finals. You win
Finance internship or Netflix sabbatical?
Financial Aid info still not out for people??? Mine hasn't been released yet and it's fucking June. Anyone else not heard yet?
Finished with College! I'll see Dartmouth in the fall when I start my full time job!
Finna get hammered on a Wednesday night cuz fuck society 
Finss upppp shark attack
Fireworks...a weekend late
Fireworks? 
First blackouts now random car alarms. Didn't know MDF  had this in mind for rigor. 
First day back and I'm already reminded why everyone hates KDE.
First day of all Econ classes beginning 15F: "sell me this pen"
First mention of "rigor." Here we go 
First person at Dartmouth to notice my haircut was the KAF barista... Shows who my true friends are. 
First thing I do after my roommate leaves: take a giant shit with the bathroom door open
First thing to do when you walk into your new office building is to masturbate in the bathroom that your managing director uses. it shows initiative and dominance. 
Floorcest is especially awkward when you live in your frat
Foco cookies=the lord himself
Foco dark side dates with friends you secretly crush on are the best 
Foco worker opening some steaming vat full of vegetables, "ooooh now I really feel like I'm workin on a plantation!"
Foco: open all day. Collis: opens at 11am; also LNC will be open. Novack: open from 6pm-2am. Hop: closed all day.
Food opens in 4 hrs!!!
Food situation at Dartmouth is terrible... How can the hop be open until 12:30 on week days and only until midnight on the weekends. We need a restaurant open 24 hours! It would make so much money!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me seven times, Fast and Furious
Football players consume more energy drinks than the rest of the school combined during finals
For 63k/year, is it really too much to ask for dorm wifi that doesn't crash every 3-6 minutes? Fuck this school and its badly-designed, cost-cutting crap
For a successful 7?
For a year I've been saying I'll install updates tomorrow, thinking that when classes were over id get around to it. It's a lie. I still refuse to update.
For all my fellow people pulling all nighters, stay strong! You got this. 
For athletes without practice, exam week is the easiest week of the term.
For being open today - those guys are getting me through this
For some odd reason I find it justified to not go to classes every Friday 
For the first 18 years of my life I thought my neighbors had a serious skunk problem. Thanks Dartmouth for teaching me what that smell actually is 
For the first time in my life for mixing beer and champagne- thanks Hanlon
For those of you who need a pick-me-up: Everybody's free to wear sunscreen
Forgot my salad dressing. Eats it anyway. #raw
Forgot to cancel my Amazon  Prime trial. Turns out they charge you $99. Good thing I lost my card and had to cancel it 
Formal season has got me like man I hate lab reports 
Formal tips: pic the person you think is most fun regardless of how well you know them. Then dial and smile...cheers mates
Fought how toxic my hometown is. Get me back to Dart
Found the pants I wore last night ripped on the floor cleaning my room today. When did this happen? The world may never know
Four hour lab, but at least my partner's cute
Frantically woke up this morning thinking I had overslept and should be studying for something
Frat guy so Greek he's about to default on his IMF loans and pull out of the eurozone 
Frat so Greek it went bankrupt
Free BWhite #stillnotunchained
Free R i c k  R o s s
Free Stinsons barbecue at the DEN from 4-6 
Free gelato in Collis for everyone donating to the senior class gift! 
French people give me the crpes
Friend is really busy and can never hang out.  I feel a rift growing.  Should I tell him?
Friend just texted me that we should "go to burn babies". Daily reminder to proofread texts.
Friend: Yeah, Im getting straight As this quarter, got accepted to 7 grad schools, going to South Asia this summer. Me: I haven't cried yet today
Friendly reminder that anyone born between 1985-1998 didn't get their Hogwarts letter because Voldemort's ministry wiped out the record of muggleborns. 
From the high that you get from the life 
From the makers of KY yours and mine comes KY mine and my right hand's 
Fuck  tdx
Fuck GDX
Fuck I look good and feel amazing tonight, and zero success finding someone to enjoy the night with... 
Fuck SNS kicking us out of public property not even part of Dartmouth
Fuck cisplatin
Fuck dartmouth secure 
Fuck finals, I'm watching the Champions League 
Fuck graduation traffic
Fuck off YikYak morality police, nobody likes you
Fuck people who don't help on group projects. 
Fuck rigor, I just want my friends to not be so stressed that they have panic attacks and consider hurting themselves. Do better with mental health, Dartmouth 
Fuck sns
Fuck the crew squids
Fuck the fact that kaf is open but not novack. DDS has got to go.
Fuck the freshman 15 how about senior spring I'm now a narp 15.. Nobody warns u about that shit huh? 
Fuck the lack of wifi and cell in the bathroom near the hop. I take some of my biggest dumps there. 
Fuck this research symposium ugh
Fuck. I don't want to leave him. 
Fucked a very good friend last night. No time to fix it 
Fucking miss Dartmouth right now!!!
Full moon tonight.... Watch out for werewolves
Fun fact: every day you gain 50 calories just from breathing the air 
GO TEAM USA!!! Ladies are killing it. 
Gangsta rap made me do it
Gay divorce court is going to be the best show ever!
Gdx is bumpin 
Gdx is bumpin!
General feeling: FUCK YOU
Get gay married!
Get laid, get paid, Gatorade
Getting a full nights sleep is so disorienting
Getting a snap from someone that is also on their story is a big disappoint but also makes me feel special that they thought to click my name. 
Getting acne after finals week
Getting an A- from that one special class and feeling like the prof hates you . 
Getting naked and eating EBAs together is the Dartmouth relationship goal dream. 
Getting on the Coach alone makes it feel less like the Hogwarts Express and more like the Knight Bus
Getting over your basic ass crush 
Getting ready for my post CS final nap 
Getting snap stories of my friends at the beach, at concerts, and even at the BET awards and I'm just doing homework for days...
Getting the VOX daily email and realizing it's not 1 o'clock
Getting the cold shoulder is worse than just being told no.
Getting up early is going to suck tomorrow. 
Getting wrecked by intro classes, but by all means, we need more rigor.
Girl 1:  "What would you do for a date to boat formal?"   Girl 2:  "anyone"
Girl In line at KAF talking about her wedding this summer and I can't even decide what to eat for lunch 
Girl buns are softer 
Girl in my hometown yakked about how she's sad after she and her boyfriend broke up.  56 replies in one hour. 
Girl or boy supposed to flitz for last chances?
Girl walking in front of me outside has a battery powered fan, date me maybe?
Girl with violent explosive whooping cough in foco: seek help
Girl you are on fire. Like literally on fire. Stop drop and roll.
Girl: come over. Guy: I'm coming over. Girl: we should really stop using walkie talkies in bed.
Girlfriend hasn't matched with me yet. Hmmmm. -_-
Girls dressing like they do today and giving me a freedom boner 
Girls on yak,  "just tell her how you feel! She'll really appreciate it!". Girls in real life, "so this creep just told me he likes me and thinks I'm beautiful..."
Girls that think they're hot shit but actually aren't are the worst
Girls waste the time they save by not pooping on doing makeup
Girls, what would you say if your boyfriend told you to wear more revealing clothes?
Girls: if a guy was interested in a long distance relationship with you, how would you want that to be brought up in conversation?
Give me a one sentence prompt, and I'll turn the best one into a film. 
Glad people make the same World War 2 jokes whenever we have worldwide sporting events. It's clever. 
Go to that kik chat group! Bored people looking for other bored people! 
GoT-esque mottos for each Greek House, go
God bless smoke sessions
God damn it. What is SigEp up to now?
God the hockey sophomore guys are losers 
Goddamn I'm gonna miss yall. Back to floods and tornados 
Goddamn the green sucked last night 
Going back to campus and acknowledging that all the 15s are gone will be pretty tough to deal with
Going to drive to the fort one last time :( most people are already gone.
Gold coast you mad rn?
Gonna survive interim on peanut butter nutella and leftover matzah from passover
Good luck to all the LSAT takers out there. I could never do it
Good old animal style fries 
Good thing student assembly already has way less funding then the oligarchy that is Coso.  (As well as PB and collis after dark and cgb). 
Good thing we still get Vox Daily over the summer so we can ignore it from home too 
Good tv show to invest in this summer? 
Goodbye England's rose, may you ever bloom in our hearts
Goodnight kde 
Goodnight moon, goodnight paddle, goodnight keystone under the pong table
Goodnight yik yak
Gosh why do you all have so many problems? 
Got me like... Do I even know 40 people at this school?
Got milk
Got no food, got no jobs, HANLONS HEAD IS FALLING OFF!
Got pegged last night, definitely worth a try
Got randomly kicked out of my assigned room for no reason. Fuck you housing office. Fuck you. A bigger room wasn't a priority for me. give me my old room back 
Got table service after closing because the owner was an alum and I was wearing a Dartmouth sweatshirt. >>>>>
Got that swampnut 
Got the beer shits from drinkin shit beer.
Got told by a lot of people tonight how pretty I am, and I'm feeling super great since I haven't had a compliment thrown my way in a while. Thank you!! Your kind words made my night 
Gotta love walking into Periodicals at 6am only to find every upstairs table occupied by a bag
Gotta try using the restrooms in Hanover inn. They're the best! :D
Grad school is a place you go to gain 15 pounds and never sleep.
Grades are out
Graduate=can now hook up with smoking hot employee, no longer against the rules!!
Graduated with a 2.75 and am employed with my dream job. Things can turn around!
Graduating with 38.5k yakarma, guess I'll be making Dartmouth my herd. Gotta hit 40.
Graduating with a degree in parallel parking 
Graduating, no job. It's like having a handful of shiny new keys, and no doors in sight. 
Graduation doesn't mean I'm getting old... When my friends start getting excited when they think they are pregnant. That's when I'll know I'm getting old! 
Graduation feels like death. I feel like I'm saying goodbye to every good thing that ever happened to me. And entering the cold void of the corporate world. 
Granddad bods on the rise
Great nyt article on why RealTalk needs to calm down
GreenPrint is my daily horoscope. If it works I'm going to have a great day. If not I'm fucked
Greetings from abroad! Hope all is well in Hanover!!
Guess how many boxes of triscuits are underneath my bed
Guess who just exchanged good mornings with Hanlon after pulling an all nighter writing a paper?
Guy cut me then tried to make conversation with me afterwards. 
Guy looking for one to cuddle
Guys I'm almost done with my third trimester! 
Guys can I just say that I love Dartmouth so much? Never met a more accepting community in my life
Guys the United States has a really good women's soccer team.
Guys there is so much delicious food at KAF right now and they close at 4. 
Guys who hit on girls with boyfriends need to grow up and get some morals
Guys, Gay marriage is legal. It's the Armageddon. Tons of gay people have already broken into my home and tried to make me gay. I need to move to Canada.
Guys.. All toothpaste caps fit all brands of tube... Holy shit 
Gym is closed. America wants you to be fat.
Gym is practically empty but every squat rack is full. Dartmouth legs be lookin' fine.
HC at the Bema at 12:30 is open to all.
HOP IS CLOSED!! so many people have walked in and disappointedly left
Had a double dream last night. That was fucking crazy
Had a dream about rushing where instead of visiting all the houses, everyone was a contestant on American Ninja Warrior.
Had a dream some nascar dudes were in a crash during a race, and they hopped out of their cars afterwards to exchange insurance information. I need to stop smoking...
Had a dream that I slapped a chubby, hairy, middle-aged dude around and then jizzed all over his face. I think there's something seriously wrong with me. 
Had an apocalyptic dream and literally everyone else on the ark was pissed that I brought my ex. I think my subconscious is trying to tell me something...
Haha some people go to brown
Hahahahaha life is great right now hahahahaha fuck everything 
Hail Satan, Lord of the Damned, Creator of Finals
Half of you are all all scared of your finals, like cryin in the library and shit. And the other half of you are practically doing haka war dances before you go in for an exam. 
Hanging out with highschool friends...missing Dartmouth people so much
Hanlon is having Dartmouth Yak reworked so that u lose points if it seems that you are happy/well-rested in ur yaks
Hanlon is slowly destroying this school
Hanlon the type to eat his pizza with a fork
Happiest moment of this finals period was realizing DK is a 16, not a 15. Still have another year, so hopefully won't need to last chance him 
Happy Father's Day to all those whose pull out game weak
Happy Fourth of July! 
Happy Fourth of July! Remember to think of all the veterans who fought for this great country 
Happy Fourth of July!!!! So lucky to live in this country. God Bless America 
Happy Independence Day from London!!!
Happy Memorial Day. Remember those who died while serving our country. 
Happy fourth everyone! Have fun but be safe
Hard liquor free my ass
Hark! The peaceful dragon lord Grach descends from on high, harvesting our souls for the betterment of boll weevil rotary clubs! What beneficence he doth bring through his fiery libido! 
Has anyone else been running a fever/sore throat for like 5 days? Apparently it's been going around :(
Has anyone ever been removed from an LSA for mental health, like depression, etc??? Unsure if I should tell the prof I'm suicidal
Has anyone ever snapped kafsnaps?
Has anyone on here modeled before? Wanna help a home girl out and give me the deets because yo girl doesn't know diddly 
Has anyone seen the poop emoji? I thought it would be in the activities tab or at least celebration and I just simply cannot find it 
Has single handedly lessened YikYak by making everyone worry about grades...we don't care about your GPA bud
Has sushi!!!!!
Has to be the most useless force on this campus. My third personal encounter with them last night has fully proven that they do not exist for our safety, but instead as a prosecutorial entity. 
Hate it when even your most realistic dreams aren't real
Have KAF take meal-swipes. 
Have a break; have a Yik Yak.
Have any straight guys had experiences with other guys or would be open to it?
Have people stopped entering last chances or are they saving them for senior week?
Have you ever had a crush on a good friend? 
Have you ever realized that Slang stands for Short Language?
Haven't felt this shitty in a long fuckin time.
Haven't had sex in so long that even in sex dreams I'm only masturbating 
Haven't showered in days, I literally smell like cock
Haven't worn a bra since Saturday... I love being a guy
Having a cushioned chair is essential for farting in the library
Having sex in public places as many times as possible
Having to wait a year for Game of Thrones and House of Cards is cruel and usual punishment. I'll just have to busy myself with work in the mean time. 
He goes naked all the time...
He likes my "scent"/pheromones, but I don't like his. Is this normal..? (I thought two people are either simultaneously attracted to or repelled by each other's)
He's into it when we're hooking up but doesn't initiate, what's going on?
Headed home for the rest of the summer. I loved my vacation in Hanover. Adios Dartmouth. See you for grad school!!
Heard clintons gonna check off the 50 yard line next
Heard the Sphinx owns American Pharoah 
Hearing happy people walk by my window is making me nauseous
Heelllpppp meee
Heelys don't have brakes 'cause you can't stop swag
Hell looks like hungover and caught in the middle of the Hanover Fourth of July parade 
Hello, I'm a Nigerian prince trying to return to my country but do not have the funds. If you can contribute to this effort, I will pay you 3x the amount when I return home. Please give me your SS#
Help there is this girl that I'm not into but I'm firmly persuaded that thinking she's into me is a haughty thought to have
Help! Cracked my iPhone screen! Any ideas where to get it replaced?
Help, I've fallen for a 15 and I can't get up 
Help, I've fallen for someone but I'm drunk and can't get it up
Here for the summer (: who wants to smoke hookah on the green tomorrow
Here's to Astro 2/3. Best choice I ever made
Here's to the administrations biggest goals for us, that our checks don't bounce and that we don't embarrass them too much while we're here
Here's to the last week of my floormate making sex noises loud enough to hear through doors, walls, and Netflix on full blast
Hey I miss talking to you, text me.
Hey boy are you a software update because not now. 
Hey girl are you a fire alarm? Because you're extremely loud and annoying as fuck. 
Hey hey Hey hey 
Hey roommate, that alarm has been going off for 20 minutes now. If you're not going to wake up at 7:50, then don't set your alarm that early. I'm trying to sleep here.
Hey someone else talk about their hometown yaks and how much they suck.  
Hey trikap: while you're renovating your house, you should consider renovating your name as well. #justathought
Hey, I've visited Dartmouth before and I skate over there- heard it's fun to go back during soph summer to hit up the students. Yay or nay? (I made y'all my base, I dig you guys) 
Hi Alpy! 
Hi guys I don't go to Dartmouth but your campus is beautiful congrats to all you graduates!!! go kick ass in the real world 
Hiding your phone when people walk by as you write a yak so they don't know it was you. 
High af eatin peanut butter with a spoon
High school friends: if you're going to snapchat rub in my face that you're at Tuck Bridge, don't make fun of Keggy. 
Hindsight is vibrant, reality barely lit 
Holy shit duck insomnia 
Holy shit, one of my favorite professors got appointed dean of the college. Love Biron!
Home is where the heart is? Bish, home is where the 2 ply is.
Home is where the water pressure is just as high as the number of ply
Home is where you pee with the door wide open
Home with transphobic parents and flinching every time they say my birth pronouns. It's like I'm not real to them. 
Homophobic assholes seem to be abundant in Hanover
Honestly if reddit dies because of all this drama, who cares - The site is ugly as hell; looks like it was made in 1998. 
Honestly just wanna find a senior to last chance tonight because my sheets are already packed up
Honestly the worst. Say I won't cry everytime and end up sobbing like a baby 
Honestly think fuckjerry Instagram reads my thoughts
Honestly why is th
Honestly, a robot would probably be better at deciphering those blurry pictures of addresses etched into the front door of houses 
Hooked up with my floormate last night. easiest walk of shame I've ever had to do.
Hookup anyone? 
Hookup for anyone left?
Hookup is in the bathroom and I need to think fast- what can I whisper to creep him out so he leaves?
Hookup now ?
Hope Solo objective assaulted her family. I don't see why we shouldn't be outraged 
Hope that was the best fucking popcorn of your life.
Hope the girl in new hamp is okay. Just saw someone get carried out in a stretcher 
Hoping to see all the derecognized ADs at Tabard open meetings tomorrow! 
Hopkins Center Or The Farts
Horny girl on period. Any guys interested? 
Horny guy on period. Any girls interested? 
Horny period here. anyone wanna comma over and we can get freaky in the hammock? ;)
Horses look so majestic...until they start randomly shitting everywhere.
Hot air balloon over campus rn. My mixtapes keeping it up 
Hot yaks stay up way too long rn...
Hotter than Satan's asshole out there. Thankfully KAF is air-conditioned...
Hottest yak in my home town right now: "side boob ."
How are people off campus still in this yak feed?
How bad is it to get a C+ in a class for a subject you're minoring in? 
How can I work on a paper when it's so beautiful outside?
How did I get an A- in a class when I got C's on the tests?
How do I meet other queer women on campus? I'm starting to come out more publicly and I'm really nervous :/
How do blind people know when there done wiping? Honest question
How do people get matches and not bang each other I mean Jesus Christ 
How do people with thin fish lips kiss? 
How do you guys deal with namedropping Dartmouth when you're at home lol maybe I'm just awkward but I never know what to say when people ask me what school I go to....
How do you know if you should have a colored string or not for grad 
How do you order a pizza from foco?
How do you tell your roommate to leave so you can fap?
How does a hookup happen. Can it happen from two sober people just meeting up one day and deciding to just fuck?
How does one afford a 10 million dollar home? 
How does the sun god pay for gas?
How does this affect me Patagonia order?
How is the library not open before 8? I get my best work done starting at 6am
How long after college can I still use my ID for student discounts?
How long do we have our Dartmouth email addresses for?
How long does it usually take some shots to hit you
How long is the Last Chances site running til?
How lucky are we to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard 
How many 15s are staying on campus for the rest of reunions?
How many HOs are out there? (Initials not the other thing) 
How many days without sleep till you die? I'm actually on hour 51 without sleep right now
How many shots on an empty stomach to not get too trashed but have a good time
How many times do boys really masturbate a day? 
How much I want to play pong is directly correlated to how little I want to write my stats paper. 
How much gas could a sungod save if the sungod could save his sorry ass and stop waking me up at 8am every day god damnit
How much yak could a yik yak yak if a yik yak could yik yak?
How on earth am I supposed to remember all these different verb tenses for Spanish 3. Please someone give me some tricks. :(
How the heck are seniors supposed to do laundry with dash cut off? I don't have quarters lying around.
How to be cool at Dartmouth:
How to be cool at Dartmouth: 1. Be a loser in high school 2. Come to Dartmouth 3. Realize you feel powerful by excluding others 4. Slowly push away everyone who actually liked you 5. You are now cool
How to beat the awful cold going around:
How to find equilibrium between my perception of myself and other people's perception of me?
How was that econ 20 quiz for y'all? 
How you can tell the difference between a girl flirting with you or just being nice/friendly?
How's sophomore summer for GDIs? Is it as bad as people say?
How's the compsci program at dart? Undecided right now but interested in cs. Would like to hear from any current students thanks!
However sad I am now, I'm grateful. It's a mark of how happy I've been here. 
Hungover as shit, will the memorial challenge make me boot?
Hungover...more like sprungover 
Hype that I can't read
I  don't know if I'm using the normal amount of toilet paper. 
I  pussy
I  sophomore summer
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN 
I DO NOT WANT TO TAKE THE FRENCH AND ITALIAN PLACEMENT TEST HERE OR THERE; I DO NOT WANT TO TAKE IT ANYWHERE
I FUCKING LOVE IT HERE
I GOT A "B" IN ECON 1 OH MY GOD THANK YOU SO MUCH ALLAH OR BASED GOD OR WHOEVER THE FUCK BESTOWED THIS UPON ME, I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO FAIL 
I LOVE YOU. There I said it 
I accidentally left my MacBook charger on campus. Packed into interim storage...
I act tough that's it. I'm still a human, girl don't treat me like a piece of shit.
I actually love the live snap stories from different countries. It makes me realize that most people in the world are just like us.
I actually think DDS is trying to starve us this summer. These hours are the worst 
I ain't no bitch.
I ain't saying she a gold digger but she ain't messing with no art major
I already have an std. All I need is u.
I already know my kids are going to have telepathic communication or some shit, and I'm going to be "old dad" bumbling around with his ancient iPhone.
I always like people too strongly too quickly. Always am the one who cares more.  
I am an extrovert. But sometimes I just want to be alone with my thoughts. 
I am especially delighted when my period is over because I can sleep entirely naked once more
I am graduating today! Wohoo.
I am no longer ready for Hillary
I am sick and tired of these games. You put time into a guy and realize it's going nowhere but still try to hold on to something 
I am so bloody sedentary whenever I am at home. After trekking across campus to get to and from classes, it feels weird to just sit.... 
I am such a fan of cotton candy
I am the cuteness police, you are under arrest for above-regulation levels of d'aww
I bought all the Greek yogurt I could and it still couldn't prevent their default 
I can pass this class if I get a zero on my exam tomorrow. Nap time. 
I can really use some cuddling right now..
I can't believe I wasted my hot underwear on you
I can't concentrate. My head hurts so badly. I am graduating in a week and a half and feel like I can't wait to leave. Why does this school not want to make us feel like staying?
I can't feel my face when I'm with you. But I don't love it. Cause you're a dentist getting me high so you can chisel my teeth. Da fuck is wrong with you
I can't help but think that when a prof announces their presence, they're subtly pulling the "im not like other profs, im a cool prof" card
I can't send texts at work but I can post yaks 
I can't tell you the last time I slept in my bed/got 4+ hours of sleep.
I can't wait to return to the one that truly loves me; the one who's been there for me through it all; the one who will drop everything and come over if I call him and ask... Yeah I miss my dog.
I cannot wait for lazy days on the beach. 
I come back home and my dad is listening to Juicy J and Rich Homie Quan.... 
I could go for a grilled cheese sandwich with Wonder bread, local Vermont cheddar cheese, and truffle oil
I could really go for some dunkaroos right about now
I currently hold the campus record for most Collis motz sticks purchased at once: 56. Come at me.
I decided it would be a good idea to go grocery shopping on an empty stomach; now I'm a proud owner of isle four.
I defeated the guy who wanted to cheat on his girlfriend because of "special conditions" by double vote kill to -6. He deserved it.
I didn't bring a pen to class but I do have candy
I didn't realize how smart some people here are until I started taking STEM classes
I don't care what fashion tells you, it is a mistake to dye your hair gray if you are a young person. 
I don't even know how the KAF line can be this long right now. It's not a rush hour.
I don't even want to know what yik yak is going to be like during 15X corporate recruiting. 
I don't know how I accumulated so much junk in these tiny rooms over the past four years
I don't know how to figure out my last chances 
I don't know if the butt play guy is super funny or supper annoying
I don't know what I want to do with my life and I don't know how to figure out what I want to do. 
I don't know what is hotter, this frying pan or my mixed tape. 
I don't know what's been bigger this week: my coffee consumption, or my post-coffee poops
I don't think I'll ever be able to see the term SCOTUS without first reading it as scrotum
I don't think I'll ever get over the fact that I got broken up with for being "boring."
I don't understand how any smart person can be a conservative when by its very definition, the simple progression of time means your ideology will always be on the wrong side of history.
I don't understand the vitriol against reposters sometimes, but college is basically just sitting with a laptop in different places
I don't understand the vitriol against reposters sometimes, but then I see a really tired, obviously unoriginal repost and I can only smh
I don't want to go to Mexico no more more more. There's a big fat policeman at the door door door
I don't wear sundresses to look pretty. I wear them because they cut my morning routine down to 4 minutes. 
I dont wanna sleep but theres nothing to dooooo
I drank Novack coffee because it was hot enough to mask most of the battery acid taste. Now I get iced coffee cuz it's summer. I cry  every  time 
I drink for the trees
I drink on only 2 occasions: when it is my birthday and when it is not 
I failed a class, was depressed and almost left school for food, and now I'm graduating with an amazing job. It's never too late to bounce back and reinvent yourself at Dartmouth, so don't give up :)
I feel an emotional connection to anywhere I have written a paper 
I feel as though the purchase that plunges my DBA into the land of negative should be carefully considered and well worth it. Suggestions? 
I feel fat
I feel like EBAs should call me at this hour
I feel like I am in a long distance relationship with Dartmouth via yikyak 
I feel like I'm breaking up with Dartmouth
I feel like I'm the only person not done with finals yet since all my friends are somewhere drunk or hungover rn. Then I check yik yak and see fellow strugglers. Solidarity, friends!!!
I feel like a plastic bag right now
I feel like at least 80% of the guys here have washboard abs which makes me feel so inadequate for not being able to put on muscle. 
I feel like bucket hats make men look like tall babies
I feel like if Dartmouth wants to increase academic rigor, bring on mdf, ban hard alcohol they could at least give us a little something. 24/7 libraries, better financial aid, anything really 
I feel like my parents think I'm the only graduating senior that: is lazy, stays up late, has a messy room, is constantly masturbating in public places, is really nostalgic, ...
I feel like people who eat breakfast really have their lives together 
I feel like shit today, but at least I still look good. 
I feel so depraved when I'm horny 
I feel so lonely without the constant blitzes from the listserv. 
I feel so spoiled shivering when it's 60 out  
I feel so strange that profs are maybe on yik yak. Like that makes me uncomfortable 
I feel so ungrateful around all my sentimental friends and I've enjoyed most of my four years but I really don't want to be here anymore. I wish I could leave right now.
I finally got settled in the library about to start working when I realized I left my headphones back in my dorm. Oh well time for a study break I guess 
I find it a trillion times more irritating when people say "I go to college in Cambridge" than just saying Harvard. So patronizing 
I find the random old lady in 1902 to be strangly offputting
I forgot how much I hated drill that I decided to take three drill groups this term. Gotta pay for those bills. 
I forgot to register for fall classes and I'm really scared...can I still get into Econ 21?
I fucking hate that nasty goddamn cough that's going around. My throat is so itchy I wish I could gargle with acid. 
I fucking hate wearing bras 
I got assigned to live in TDX in the fall...
I got that summertime, summertime sickness
I got this guys number via someone else but he doesn't know that and I want to play the whole "found the number in my phone" but I want it to be a hilarious first text to make an impression-help? 
I grow weary of last chances yaks
I had Taco Bell last night for the first time in ages. It was glorious 
I had a dream about you last night and now feel all warm and fuzzy.
I had a nightmare about Econ 26... And I'm not even an Econ major
I had no idea so many of my best friends were gay! 
I hate doubles standards. If a girl sleeps with tons of a guys she's a slut... But if a guy does he's a homosexual??
I hate how you're born out of nowhere forced to go 2 school n work endless hours like this aint fair what if I wanted to be a duck
I hate it here
I hate it when friends turn out to be fake. There was this really good guy but it turned out to be just 4 cats in a trenchcoat
I hate that our graduation robes don't have pockets!
I have $450 left in DBA. Watch out for the DBA fairy guys! 
I have 0 last chance matches. AMA
I have a bunch of younger, apparently fake friends and it is sad to find out they won't be missing me.
I have a hard on for my roomate's older sis. 
I have a hard time bonding with other guys. Advice?
I have an AC, and a feather bed topper. That is all. 
I have combined all the vertices in my room into strongly connected components  that are ready to be searched through. Now I am ready to perform a traversal to the home  vertex.
I have never kissed a boy as much as I kiss my dog. 
I have officially turned down for what...
I have so many feels about graduation 
I have three weeks left and I finally cleaned out my blitz, so many unread emails. 
I have to finish hw and walk to class but for some reason I'm standing in my room in underwear looking at my phone ugh
I have two ideologies: Sleep is for the weak. And sleep is for the week.
I haven't left bed for 15 hours. Great holiday so far
I hear siren singing from outside a few mornings/week. Frequent concerts happening near my house, or a girl with an outdoor karaoke machine overusing it? 
I heard the CS1 final is multiple choice!!!
I honestly don't know what happens to scabs if you don't pick them off.
I hope one day I love someone the way that women in yogurt commercials love yogurt 
I hope the dreadlock pirate is getting ready for finals because I really need someone to streak ALL of mine.
I identify as an oppressed genderqueer wombat.  My preferred pronoun is zeshim.  SERVE ME
I imagine God had warm snickerdoodles in mind when he was like "You know what, I should, like, create the universe".
I just fought with my friends but I have a bottle of scotch and no one to drink with...can anyone help me? 
I just had sex
I just love everyone so much 
I just posted a Yak at home and it's already the Top Yak because all the other ones are negative 
I just realized I've never seen anyone actually change the letters on the front of the Hop. 
I just saw a guy take a bite of a kit kat bar without breaking it apart first! Sir, we live in a society with rules, please adhere to them.
I just saw someone microwave sushi in the choates, if anyone was wondering what kind of people are on interim
I just shat blood
I just told the guy that the ad just a hook up that I got an abortion.  It was my first and last. It hurts and I feel horrible. He does not care about me at all and I am alone 
I just took my academically rigorous 8am final in the long-ass KAF line after pulling an all nighter in a nonexistent library study space with my last chances match. 
I just want a girl who will fix my tie before I go to work
I just want a girl who's down to smoke blunts and have her box munched.
I just want a hot guy with a mustache to eat me out, and then make out with me so I can feel his stubble all over my face. Is that really too much to ask for?
I just want be assfucked
I just want some head in a comfortable bed it could all be so simple
I just want to smoke pot, eat snacks, jerk off, and go to sleep 
I justify all my bad choices by referring to them as "executive decisions" 
I keep accidentally opening YY when I mean to work on my presentation...
I keep checking my last chances as if every time I check it, I'll get another match 
I keep expecting the hottest yaks to change..but they've been the same now for 3 days...
I keep having this problem where I keep finding my virginity instead of losing it. 
I know I'm learning because my brain gained five pounds. 
I know Last Chances is about hooking up, but I would honestly be content with a snuggle buddy. 
I know everyone is trying to manage 5000 things at once as the term wraps up, good luck today!
I know it's 2am before grad but plz check your last chances again thanks 
I know no one drives on campus, but for those of you who might and everyone in the herd, PLEASE do not drink and drive this 4th. It's never worth it.
I know that yikyak is full of circlejerks about how people can't wait to leave here, but I FUCKING LOVE THIS SCHOOL AND IN GOING TO CRY WHEN I LEAVE IT. And I'm not even a senior... -'16 guy. 
I learn so much about nba draft picks in astro 3
I left something in Kemeny, how early does that building re-open?
I like lesbians but I don't like word "lesbian" - it's not a nice sounding word 
I like to blame the X for my lack of sex but I also just got fatter.
I like to pretend the  is the pulling panties off with your teeth emoji
I like turtles
I liked him more when he was somewhat hesitant. Now he's cocky as hell and I'm completely turned off wtf
I literally have no sex drive during exams. I don't get y'all thirsty people
I literally just spend my time sitting on random benches and picking up conversations with strangers. 
I lost my number, can I have yours? Hell nah man you don't even go here.
I love
I love Dartmouth and all but...can I go home now? 
I love Dartmouth and had a great four years, but I didn't cried at all over senior week and haven't since graduation. Is that bad?
I love freshmen who think getting a B+ is the end of the world and a 3.5 GPA is "rough." You infants will learn. 
I love it when the radio knows I'm sad and plays all my favorite songs to make me feel better 
I love laying around naked after I shower
I love my ex girlfriend, and she doesn't even care.
I love pooping on Hanover high schools turf field
I love that every spotify ad starts with an apology for interrupting music
I love the feeling of taking a big poop. I feel like I'm starting fresh
I love these bros touring campus with their parents but still trying to look cool. Mommy's little boy is so tough 
I love when fire alarms go off and I faintly hear them and am reassured that it's not my building 
I love when someone posts a yak and the first comment on it is "wut?"
I love wind ensemble 
I love you all 
I may drive a Honda, but it self-identifies as a Ferrari, please respect that choice. 
I may laugh loud and often, but it's my favorite workout and the struggle to stay in shape is real
I miss Dartmouth already.
I miss Dartmouth already. Am currently unemployed and moving in with the rents. Yep
I miss KAF pastries even though I always talk myself out of buying one
I miss dance parties~
I miss everyone already! Also the yak game in my hometown is super weak.
I miss my person
I miss the classy Dartmouth yak scene, every other post in Boston is about getting tested for stds...
I miss you guys. :(
I miss you, Dartmouth. 
I need a blow job 
I need a blowjob....minus the blow 
I need a full length mirror for my room  but I have to walk by the windows of Novack on my way to class so it's basically the same thing
I need friends. This isn't new, I'm just really feeling it right now. 
I need to buy new allergy medications for my son. He's been using so many tissues since he got home.
I never forwarded those chain emails when I was 12 and I'm still single. Probably just a coincidence but food for thought 
I never judge anyone I see doing the "walk of shame". What you do behind closed doors is your business and sex will never devalue you.
I never wanna go out or meet new people anymore and I can't tell if I'm getting depressed or just getting old.
I now identify as a member of the "royal" gender. My preferred pronouns are "sir,""my lord," and "your majesty." Anyone who doesn't do this isn't respecting my gender expression.
I only look at the snapchat stories of my best friends, my enemies and the people whose faces I've touched with my face 
I only start dating someone new when my last ex changes her netflix password 
I overslept as a seat saver :( 
I pledge no sleep till 16S. Need to maximize my time at the college on the hill. 
I probably can't do the readings for class because I'm too busy reading into every little word you say.
I question anyone who proudly proclaims themselves a Hufflepuff. 
I read the first canto of the divine comedy and didn't think it was that funny
I realize that group projects are a failing concept...say "senior spring" one more time...
I really dont mean to disrespect religious people but JESUS CHRIST STOP QUOTING APOCALYPTIC BIBLE PASSAGES JUST BECAUSE WE CAN MARRY, YOU BACKWARD MORONS
I really just want a peach propel rn. Grant my wishes, interwebs
I really just want to cuddle with someone right now.
I really love how much Facebook support there is for gay marriage. But as someone with bad eyesight I'm getting seriously confused with whose profile is whose.
I really want to learn that all these yaks about the power outage today were like 3 or 4 dedicated individuals making up for the rest of us with dead phones
I really wish the "guy" would stop videoing my when I walk up the stairs from novack. I get it, I'm out of shape.
I remember when I was little and the library was a happy place that Arthur sang about where I fell in love with books and played Freddi Fish. Now it's a sad place where my hopes and dreams are crushed
I reward my boyfriend for shopping with me by sending him nudes from the dressing room 
I saw people waiting since 5:00am who still didn't get seats because some asshole decided to break the curfew. Have some decency guys
I see all the rainbows.. But where are the pots of gold?
I see you barefoot walk of shame in the rain. .
I self-identify as Channing Tatum's girlfriend, he isn't respecting my identity though so now I'm dumping that bigot
I sometimes pretend I have a limp so people don't judge me when I use the elevator 
I sound my barbaric yak over the rooftops of the world
I swear the man with the mustache has been painting those Novack doors for weeks...
I swear to god everyone I've ever hooked up with at dartmouth knows each other and its a nightmare 
I swear to god how are there so many fires in hanover
I think I like you but I'm giving up.
I think I lost 5 pounds today sitting in the sun in my robe. Now I have a degree AND I feel thin
I think Souleymane knows I'm a senior and is looking out for my DBA. Two days in a row I've been about $5 over the meal swipe and he just hooked me up. 
I think about food ALL the time. I eat pretty healthy, but I eat a LOT. How do I stop this 
I think if the pilgrims were around today, they would be amazed by the sheer amount of glow in the dark stuff available
I think my coffee was broken this morning 
I think my friend got lost and wandered out of friend zone time to walk him back
I think the collective crumbs of nature valley granola bars could solve world hunger 
I think the green mushroom is the most hilarious Yak icon ever and I giggle every time I see it.
I think you are beautiful.
I thought Dartmouth tinder was bad but now that I'm home I realize how hot we all are 
I thought dating a tall gorgeous blonde would boost my confidence, but when I'm with her I feel so shitty about myself. I love her but my self esteem has dropped and suicidal thoughts have increased. 
I thought this my ratchet hometown yak and not Dartmouth come on guys do better plz 
I walk around like everything's fine, but deep inside my boot my sock is falling off. 
I wanna go out and smoke a j but it's raining :(
I wanna know who is crushing on me
I want sex
I want someone to tie me up and do nasty things to me
I want to be like Superman, put on my glasses in the morning and I become totally unrecognizable to my late night hookups
I want to go to Hershey Park on my period.
I want to live in a world where farting at the urinal isn't stigmatized 
I want to live in a world where there's enough cream cheese in a single-serve container to cover my whole bagel. 
I want to thank puberty for making me slightly more attractive.
I want to wear a dress or something that will make me feel pretty and cheer me up but this awful weather has me in a 24/7 sweatsuit 
I was expecting late night foco this term. DDS never fails to disappoint!
I was sad because I was going to leave the Dartmouth herd, but thanks to the update, we can still complain together when we are all away!
I was so ugly, that everyone died.
I was uplifted to see how many of the old people on Main Street still deal in the cigarettes for Adderall trade so many of us cherish
I was watching porn and came during the position change. Nothing worse than that in this world, let me tell you 
I went to bed last night thinking about food and woke up this morning thinking about food. Please help. 
I will miss being streaked...and marshmallows.
I win! I win! I survived my post-grad Hanover year!
I wish I could come out and be happy with who I am :(
I wish I was actually honest to others and myself about how I'm doing when they ask 
I wish boys would stop treating me so badly 
I wish girls were as horny in person as they are on yik yak 
I wish my body heat would charge my phone
I wish my phone would stop correcting omg and lol to OMG and LOL like seriously i'm not that shocked 
I wish people knew the universal Facebook rule that if you post more than one thing a day you are annoying.
I wish people still played guitar hero. Three in particular 
I wish people would stop calling people that are in reality their significant other their 'hookup'. It ain't classy
I wish we had Random Acts of Anger who left balloons with nasty messages on people's chairs who leave their shit in the library overnight. 
I wish you would learn to love people and use things, and not the other way around 
I won a Morano giftcard from a survey lol
I wonder how Shakespeare would use hashtags 
I wonder how many of the crushes you get are just people seeing if you're crushing on them
I wonder how many yaks and comments are from DDS workers...
I wonder if Avril even uncomplicated things. 
I wonder if I could get more action if I introduced myself to guys by saying I know a lot about Star Wars and basketball
I wonder what people who write u and ur do with their extra time....
I wonder which is a bigger number; my yakarma or how many tries it takes dude perfect to make their trick shots
I wonder why I am just never hungry during exams 
I would fuck dumbledore for some magic 
I would get up but every time k go back to sleep I have another cool dream 
I would have a mental breakdown tonight but I can't fit it into my schedule 
I would pay reasonable market price for a Klondike bar.
I would really like to take a poll of how many freshman come in "pre-med" and how many are at graduation. #andthenthereweretwo
I'd be down for an arranged marriage.... Seriously would take so much stress out of my life 
I'd be lying if I said I've never tried to have intimate relations with a chipotle burrito. 
I'll name my kid Gotham so that when he cries in the middle of the night my wife will say "Gotham needs you." I'll get up every time 
I'll probably be on the 20 for my entire Dartmouth career
I'll vote Clinton if she sinks a cup
I'm a 10 but I want to crash the 1990 party so I can fuck a mild
I'm a 3.2 gpa but I identify as a 4.0. Please be respectful. 
I'm a dude but having someone to cuddle after an unpleasant dream really makes a world of difference
I'm a free spirit 
I'm a girl, and I know to tie ties and fix them
I'm a guy and all my friends are girls; is there something wrong with me?
I'm a pony 
I'm a sex attic
I'm about to buy this intern some Burt's Bees. His lips have to be chapped from kissing so much ass.
I'm about to graduate and still have an irrational fear of public speaking 
I'm actually kinda proud of America today. It's about time gay marriage was legal nation wide. Well done!
I'm afraid to go to barn babies because I know I'll start crying buckets
I'm all for saving spots; it's tradition. But if you don't reclaim it by 10:00, you're an ass
I'm an AT thru-hiker looking for some ganja. Can anyone help??
I'm at that point in my studying where I'm drinking more than I'm studying
I'm awesome, no you're not dude, don't lie. I got no matches, but requested 45. 
I'm bad at flirting so I survive on drunken hookups... but I want more?
I'm bored someone come streak the Dick's House inpatient center. 
I'm depressed. I wish all the depressed people could get together and have a sport group. 
I'm drunk
I'm drunk.  
I'm getting more and more depressed each day 
I'm going to double major in econ and applied math and go into I-Banking.
I'm going to miss the 15s A LOT
I'm going to miss you so much, 15. please don't forget about me or what we had
I'm gonna be talkin all about campus this summer & everyone who is at home will be on the feature formerly known as basecamp will be like whaaaat
I'm gonna lose so much weight this summer
I'm gonna spend the weekend binge-watching Orange is the New Black and binge-questioning my sexuality
I'm graduating college and have never even been kissed
I'm halfway through college and I still haven't gotten as stressed about schoolwork as I do when a pong game goes half-half
I'm in the Bronx and the top yak is: "Dear fellow white friends of the Bronx, DON'T BE ALARMED..THEY ARE FIRWORKS, NOT GUNSHOTS."
I'm in the mood, the mood for you. 
I'm kind of like a Bernese Mountain dog - sometimes I forget how big I am 
I'm leaving tomorrow, so they made me move all my stuff from mclaughlin to French for 1 day of interim housing <<<<<<<<
I'm more of an indoor boy
I'm never more grateful for dry shampoo than I am during finals period
I'm not a vegetarian because I care about animals, I just want to get rid of the world of vegetables! They are the real enemies! 
I'm not going to lie, I still hope I'll be kissed under fireworks each year. It's a failed, cheesy dream. 
I'm not losing by 5 cups, I've just entered stealth mode.
I'm not replying to any more yak bait fishing for never ending comments
I'm not saying this Fayes car alarm is WORSE than puppy polio, but goddamit it's really close 
I'm not your buddy, friend 
I'm on a wave
I'm real conflicted about the Fourth of July because I love fireworks, but I don't like America?
I'm really disappointed with the individuals on this campus sometimes 
I'm really excited for formal solely because I'll get free, high-quality food. 
I'm really excited for the barn babies!
I'm really only just interested in a hand job. Said no one ever.
I'm sad and I can't go to sleep
I'm so fancy. No, it's rainy and cold out, outfit change. Cue banjo music. 
I'm so fucking lonely! It's absurd.
I'm so pissed I missed the moose sighting
I'm so scared - reunion junior tent worker
I'm so used to liking my own yaks that I'll occasionally like my own GroupMe post without realizing it 
I'm sorry I got drunk and blamed you for capitalism 
I'm sorry but what's the point of coming to the library, esp ffb, if you're just going to chat on the phone the the next few hours...
I'm starting to like Novak coffee. Does this count as stockholmes?
I'm still waiting for an ALS ice bucket challenge nomination 
I'm sure a summer of taking classes will be fun, but I sure do miss Girl Scout camp. 
I'm sweating balls how does Dartmouth expect us to do work in this library
I'm that bitch who refuses to drink beer because of the carbs.
I'm the only one currently getting an eyelid twitch from too much caffeine? 
I'm up. Need 1 for the 7
I've accepted the fact that there is no girl for me on this campus...
I've become like most animals here in the woods of New Hampshire, nocturnal. 
I've been home for literally three days stop asking me about a summer job, sis
I've been masturbating sicnr this car alarm started going off and now I feel like I've lost my mind
I've been really confused all morning because I thought that chem6 was chemo with an accent on it
I've been told I'm condescending (that means I talk down to people)
I've cried every night this week. I'll miss you so much Dartmouth 
I've got a blank space baby, and I'll write your name. Even though I did the whole damn partner project. 
I've got five flashlights because I'm scared of the dark. Everyone usually makes fun of me, but last night, everyone wanted to be my friend.
I've had a lot of wieners on me in my day. Usually 12 at a time
I've had the same pen for a week now without losing it. I guess you could say I'm ready to be a parent now 
I've never done anything illegal in my life and I can't believe you would even - *cough* - sorry smoked a lot last night 
I've never even pursued someone romantically or sexually (and eliminated friends and acquaintances), who the hell are these 3 crushes?
I've never laughed so much in the first five minutes of a movie as I have while watching the road to el dorado. Most underrated animation film ever
I've never read more shallow D articles than the editorials today. Summer D is beat
I've probably boosted tons of people's self esteem by putting in pretty much every person I know to guess my crushes
I've seen a more brutal stampede on Black Friday than the savages rushing for seats at graduation. 
I've seen too many sunrises this week.
I've slept for a total of 5 hours over the course of 3 days. Is that okay or will I pass out/get sick?
I've taken a tour of Dartmouth before and I go over there often for a sport, I think I want to go to campus again to make sure I'm 100% sure. Things I should do on campus while I'm at it? 
I've yet to meet a girl who didn't secretly love it rough. 
IS COOLIS OPEN THIS SUMMER!!!???!!!
IS KAF OPEN I NEED ANSWERS I AM SUFFERING 
Ice bergs can't breach steel hulls 
Ice coffee consumption hits all time high as DBA hits all time low
If I bombard tungsten with 5 neutrons couldn't I create gold? 
If I chug enough red bull, maybe I'll have a heart attack and won't have to take my exam... 
If I ever have kids, I would have to stop doing the things I like most, so that I can tell my kids not to do them, otherwise I'm a hypocrite, right? Why would I ever want to do that?
If I hide under my bed for the next week finals can't get me
If I honestly had a heart attack right now, my only worry would be finishing this fucking paper when I recover
If I majored in history, could I still go work in finance? 
If I manage to die of old age, I'm confident I still won't feel like an adult.
If I return my diploma can I get a refund and try life as a 19? 
If I steal food from foco and get caught, what's the penalty? I can't pay for another meal swipe because no dba...
If I streak my own final do I not have to take the exam?
If I swallow magnets will I become attractive?
If I were a fish, would I be on yik yak? No
If I'm off campus right now, can I still apply to SA? I mean, is there a difference if I'm on campus or off campus, I won't be doing anything for the school either way...
If Starbucks delivered 
If YY was foursqaure, pretty much all of my check-ins would be on toilets 
If a girl asks another girl to go to the bathroom or kaf and she says no, can they still be friends?
If a guy ever insists you two have sex without a condom just smile really big and get teary eyed and emotional and say how excited you are that he wants to have a baby with you.
If a guy goes down on a girl during the first hook up, do guys feel like she should too that first time?
If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did."
If a prof has a deadline for a final paper at noon, what's the latest I can submit (within the same day) and count on leniency, or at least on no harsh late penalties ?
If anyone lost a CS crib sheet it's in LSC 100
If anyone would be so kind to give up a Dartmouth coach seat at 6 am tomorrow to New York I would be so indebted to you please help a sista out 
If anyone's down to smoke a fat j come to the tree behind fahey
If auto-save in word didn't exist I would probably not even be in college because I would have lost all my papers and failed in high school. 
If her bra matches her straw, it wasn't you who decided to become a farmer
If i went out with someone once a while ago and he doesnt say hi when we make eye contact whats his deal?
If it flies, drives, floats, or fucks, rent it
If my boyfriend ever cheated on me I'd be like omg I have a boyfriend :)
If my mom could stop telling random strangers that I'm gay that'd be great. Like, okay, great, I'm glad your accepting now, but I don't see why you need to tell people where I want to put my penis.
If only I had met you sooner 
If only his personality was as attractive as he is 
If only my neighbors knew how much shit I talk about them to myself
If people could streak math 13 at 3, 104 wilder, that would be great, most people in that class have never seen tits before so you'll get a good reaction
If she says, "if you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best," she doesn't have a best.
If someone comments as a yellow sailboat, I will finally profess my love to my crush of 4 years. It's been way too long, and I know I should.
If someone made a social network for the #FreeTheNipple movement, it would be called Titter.
If tdx were a class I would nro it so I would not have to go
If the Registrar could please not send out emails with the word "Suspension" in the subject line, that'd be great.
If the prof doesn't know how to solve the problem, we should need to know either. 
If the purge were a real thing, probably the first thing I would so is wreck the sun god's stupid car
If there are two people who believe in me in this world, it's the guy cheering me on before every gym battle in the Pokemon games, and Souleymane.
If there were a class in procrastination tactics I would have gotten a citation 
If there's a girl who will wait until after the NBA finals game to watch game of thrones....lets get together and get married after both
If they ask why I didn't come back, tell them I already have enough cardio 
If trees cold scream would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason. 
If u don't shot gun at least 10 beehrs today r u even American 
If you aren't gonna see your friends after sophomore summer. Guess what? MAKE NEW ONES. God damn it, stop whining like little idiots.
If you can walk across the green and not run your hand along those yellow ropes you are a stronger man than I 
If you can't handle me at my finals then you don't deserve me at the other 51 weeks of the year when I don't have my shit together 
If you could have brought any 1 modern technology with you on the Oregon Trail, what would it have been?
If you could have world peace or have ice cream appear whenever you wanted, what flavor would you choose?
If you ever feel useless, just think of the "wh" in "why". 
If you ever want to be entertained go and read about Dartmouth on college confidential 
If you go to google maps and type in 52.376552, 5.198303 you will some a man/ woman dragging a body into the lake
If you have a White Jeep Liberty parked outside the Fays... Turn off its fucking security alarm 
If you have a one room double, it's pretty much like having a sleepover every night. College is awesome.
If you haven't rainbow filtered your profile picture, do you really support gay marriage?
If you invert the colors on your phone, yikyak looks soooo cool
If you knew how often I stalk your Facebook...
If you like someone, tell them!! Term is almost over :) 
If you lost your "Optic Nerve" sunglasses on the Green hmu 
If you shit on Greek houses here it is because you have zero fun 
If you think about it, the ability to wake up when you have to pee has got to be one of the coolest things we've been taught yet.  
If you think this is geared to you, then it probably is. Please text me to come over and have sex with you. I'm literally so horny. ( I'm a grill) 
If you tilt the letter P, it looks like a penis and balls
If you wanna be my lover, you can't get with my friends...
If you wanna sing out, sing out. And if you wanna be free, be free. Cause there's a million ways to be, you know that there are!
If you watch AD backwards, it's a thrilling tale of the administration coming together to build a fraternity that gets progressively more unstable over time and eventually falls apart. Wait...
If you watch college backwards it's a heartwarming story of kids losing weight, shedding drinking habits, and gaining self confidence
If you wear a top knot without facing persecution from the Meiji Government, are you really wearig a top knot?
If you wear any sort of Dartmouth gear, you just start running into Dartmouth alums EVERYWHERE. It's pretty awesome.
If you were a Pokemon, I would choose you. 
If you were to honestly rate yourself as a sexual partner on a scale from 1 to 10, with 10 being amazing in bed and 1 horrible in bed, what would you give yourself? 
If you're a thirsty female I hear there'a a stud working security on the stage on he green who's down to tango
If you're about to leave, blitz them even if you didn't match! Worse comes to worse, you never see each other again.
If you're awake and/or hungover, try the breakfast special at the Hop. Homemade sausage gravy on toasted English muffin with Cajun home fries. Better than Lou's.
If you're behind someone at an ATM late at night, let them know you're not a threat by gently kissing them on the neck 
If you're going to be loud during after class sex and you live on the first floor, close the window! Please
If you're going to have sex on the green please be smart enough to get off the paths. Seriously?
If you're in a frat that has a dog, may I come play with your dog???
If you're on a Hanover FSP are you still allowed to use the gym?
If you're still on campus and 21 and you consider yourself chill but still cool and not too vain come over to AD at 10:15
If you're still sporting a flash tat, I'm going to assume you haven't bathed since green key.
If your "super short" survey makes me click next to fill out another page of questions I'm not doing it 
If your headphones leak your music enough for me to figure out the song
If your snapstory is 200 seconds you better be saving lives and doing some crazy ass stuff. Otherwise I hate you
Ignoring my parent's lectures because the slides will be up later. 
Ill Fayze just dropped his album. He managed to rhyme 'different' with 'different' 4x in the first 30 seconds
Im gonna jizz on my religion textbook once Im done writing my final paper for the class.
Im hungry
Im sleeping naked with a fan on me. I have a 1 room double.
Imagine a NCAA Pong Tourney. I think that would be our best chance. 
Imagine how scary snails would be if they were fast
Imagine the amazing stories we'd have if people could just remember what they dream about every night
Important health concern: do any other girls get UTIs like way too often?
Improve Dartmouth: put a greenprint in novack
In 24 hours it will all be over 
In Rome taking a tour of the Borghese Gallery and our tour guide mentions Dartmouth. Like ME ME ME THATS MY SCHOOL
In a food coma  
In a more sane time people wouldn't be appreciating women sexually attracted to a gorilla. They would be punishing or ostracizing them, or entering them into a mental institution. 
In addition to "hot", there should be a "controversial" yak list for those with a high vote-to-points ratio.
In alcohol's defense, I've done some pretty dumb shit while sober, too. 
In case anyone found there bike was stolen in the last 20 minutes, I put it back! I only borrowed it
In dicks since Tuesday morning, have not left once. Laptop broken. Homework? Not even once
In elementary school, I thought that if a man peed inside a woman during sex, the baby would turn out yellow. 
In high school, I learned how to act like an adult. In college, I learned how fun it was to act like a child and said "fuck it" for 4 years
In love w a 15 who is 3000 miles away  why did we not talk sooner 
In love with a 17 but I think she is not into 18s and i am afraid of risking the friendship by asking her out. 
In my experience, the people who you wouldn't naturally think of as a potential sexual partner turn out to be the best sexual partners. 
In next week's Season Finale we reveal the true power behind the Seven Kingdoms...The House of Kardashian 
In response to rising interest rates lets invest in bonds with low average durations and reallocate our $ to currencies. And short the shit outta the euro and yen. 
In so bored that I'm endorsing the skills of all my LinkedIn contacts...kill me
In the library, working on dat rigga, saw my black friend, and called him my .......... bro. I called him my bro.
In times like these I just miss my mom. 
Independence Day all day on amc.  Next showing starts in 10 minutes
Infamous last words: Only one game. I'm going to come home early. I'm not going to drink tonight.
Insomniyak
Instead of last chances I used my drunken courage to flitz a girl. We banged, got married, had two kids, and now live happily in a large house in the suburbs.
Instead of taking KafSnaps why don't you go open window 2
Instead of trying to fix my broken friendships, I just discard them entirely. 
Instructions said to only use two pages, but the professor doesn't know how small i can write 
Interesting how this campus is all about inclusion yet people get shit on here for being in certain frats/sororities... Give people a chance
Interim aka the time of year when I try to cook and get the shits 
Interning at a hedge fund and I am 100% sure bankers don't speak English.
Interviewer: Where were you born and raised?
Interviewer: so it says here you graduated with a 2.72 from Dartmouth. How do you explain that? Me: well, you see, I have been living by the mantra that "less is more"
Ironically, Antonin Scalia actually anagrams to "I Sanction Anal."
Ironing boards are surf boards that have given up their dreams to take a steady job
Is AT running?
Is Collis open @now??
Is Dartmouth worth coming to?
Is EBAs open?
Is Foco open at 10:45 or so we have to wait until 11 to swipe in?
Is GreenPrint down for anyone else or is it just me? 
Is KAF going to be open this summer?
Is KAF open now?
Is KAF open on Memorial Day? 
Is KAF open this morning?? 
Is KAF open today?
Is KAF open??
Is KAF open??????
Is Kronos messed up for everyone? 
Is LNC open tonight?
Is Novak open?
Is Rauner open today?
Is a 3.57 good enough for recruiting honestly?
Is anyone else concerned that if they get rid of the dollar bill it will be harder to tip strippers? How am I supposed to make a 1 dollar coin stay in a g-string?
Is anyone else having trouble posting to YY? I keep getting internal server error 500? (Currently posting from a different device) 
Is anyone still working on their thesis?
Is anything open this long weekend besides foco?
Is collis market open @ now?
Is collis market open?
Is collis open and functional?
Is collis open right now?
Is commencement over?
Is crumbs still delivering?? 
Is cute KAF girl working today? 
Is foco the only dining hall open tonight?
Is foco the only place open right now?
Is game of thrones worth watching? 
Is graduation over?
Is green print working yet?
Is greenprint working now?
Is happening. Friend of mine is finishing the code up today. 
Is hinman open tomorrow? 
Is hinman open?
Is hop late night closed?
Is in a committed relationship and Im going to die alone. The ultimate Injustice. 
Is it OK if we just use AD for haunted/derelict/abandoned themed house parties?
Is it a turnoff to a guy if a girl openly states "I'm so embarrassed now" (because you saw something) or do you pass it off as normal 
Is it better to go to a good school and get bad grades, or a bad school and get good grades?
Is it greenkey yet?
Is it hard for girls to put jeans on?
Is it just me or does the toilet paper feel less shitty today?
Is it just me, or does the library feel a good 10 degrees colder than it was yesterday?
Is it normal to have hair on the shaft
Is it pathetic that I'm crying because I miss my mom 
Is it weird that my bed is covered in fruit loops
Is kaf open?
Is kaf open??
Is last chances happening?? 
Is late night foco a thing 
Is late night foco open tonight?
Is late night foco real?
Is mowing the lawn this early meant to increase academic rigor? I need my beauty sleep, Hanlon.
Is novack open?
Is retina just marketing?
Is the Clinton event open to anyone or is it a private fundraiser?
Is the Crumbs organization legitimate? 
Is the color "orange" called that because of the fruit, or is the fruit named that cause it happens to be that particular color?
Is the farmer's market still happening today?
Is the foco open today?
Is the gym open during interim?
Is the gym open? 
Is the hop closed during summer!?? Nooo
Is the rehearsal over?
Is the tdx scene open to everyone?
Is there a flu going around campus? I am convinced I caught it from someone after 300 people shook Hanlon's hand Sunday. #reallysick15
Is there a good place near Dartmouth to buy a skateboard and/or long board? 
Is there a green print station in the lodge?
Is there a place to print in the black visual arts center?
Is there a stomach bug going around or am I dying
Is there an especially good weekend to come visit the '17s during 15X? 
Is there another place people are getting graduation photos? The flickr only has around 300 photos. 
Is there any place one can see fireworks tonight?
Is there any ultimate frisbee happening here this summer? 
Is there any version of a Missed Connections here?
Is there anywhere I can donate (unopened) food?
Is there not box today?
Is there still storage space on EW? 
Isn't it fucked up that you can accidentally make a baby but not accidentally make a pizza?
Isn't it great to see America finally catching up with the rest of the industrialized world
Isn't it ironic that social justice warriors get as big of a hard-on for buzz words as white, male, oppressive businessmen do? I'm just trying to start a discussion here.
It always makes me sad when people ask legit questions on YikYak and people give stupid answers.
It blows my mind how often the library walls get repainted
It can't be over. I refuse to believe it. This is all a dream. I'm gonna wake up to the sound of Foco construction and it will all be ok. 
It concerns me that the "" emoji is in the celebration section.
It hurts to see that my professor can't see right through the bullshit of some of these peers trying to get brownie points 
It is the moments when my alarm goes off and I want nothing more than to go back to sleep that makes me think death will be alright.
It is tradition to eat a breakfast bomb from the hop as the last meal of spring term, but i think i might poo meself if i even try it this term
It says here on your resume you went to Colegiiiiv Dartmvthensisksje
It seems that the well-intentioned few in Paleopitus will likely be overshadowed by the masturbatory majority involved - what a shame 
It took us THREE DAYS to make that potato salad. THREE DAYS!
It was his turn on table, Mr. Krabs. HE WAS NUMBER ONE!
It's 11:15 what the fuck are you doing
It's June and still no last chances 
It's a bad week to be a confederate-flag-loving homophobe.
It's a beautiful day for the memorial challenge! What a way to remember our friends. Thank you to everyone who has put so much effort into today!!!
It's a beautiful morning when you walk home from a great hookup still in formal attire and holding KAF.
It's a fine but very important line between 3fb and 3fp
It's a zombie apocalypse, and your only tool of survival is your symbol when you comment. Go. 
It's all about the d... orbitals
It's been real, Dartmouth
It's bold to streak an exam, bolder still to streak it without a mask, but boldest to shake the prof's hand while streaking their final
It's crazy that there's no dress code in college but boys can somehow still do work wow
It's gettin hot in herre, so - I already took all my clothes off and it's still way too hot WHAT NOW, NELLY??!?
It's like the administration forgot what a weekend is
It's my birthday. And it's the best day of my life. 
It's my sincere belief that the Monster Mash is a song for all seasons and virtually all occasions
It's nights like this I wish I was functional enough to have a gf that would just cuddle with me...
It's not gay if it's for a Klondike bar, right?
It's not really goodbye, more like, smell-ya-later
It's not you, it's just that some things have changed. For example I hate you now.
It's okay password, I'm insecure too
It's only right that I celebrate with lesbian porn tonight
It's raining thank god
It's scary how much I lie to my friends about my mental health. I know they care and are concerned but I'm afraid to find out if they will still care after I tell them the truth. 
It's so hard to explain sophomore summer to outsiders. They're all like "taking classes in the summer? That sucks!" And I'm just like "yeah I guess you could say that"  
It's so hot in my room that I have to go to the library to avoid heat stroke. #academicrigor
It's so interesting how stress is a mental state but can feel like a physical, crushing weight forcing me into a fetal position on top of my blankets
It's the small conversations that make an impact. 
It's the time of year when reserves has gone from being a humid jungle to cool as a reptile tank 
It's unbearably hot in old dorms and classrooms, dartmouth needs to invest in AC and stop overheating the buildings in winter to pay for it
Its finally cold enough to cuddle and have sex. Anyone down? 
JD resigns. FC changes his profile pic. 
JD why did you resign? Give us the truth.
JUST FLITZ ME FUCK LAST CHANCES 
Jammin to big boi and outkast 
Jealous of the girl puking outside right now, cause I know she at least did something with her night 
Jerking off with 'law and order svu' on in the background just feels wrong
Joint for 2
Jokingly put in a '19 coming to Dartmouth next year in Last Chances... Really confused how they matched me 
Jubeat thats what my house needs rn
Judicial affairs drops tridelt pub trivia cheating case, stating "they really needed the win"
Judicial affairs to hand down punishment to tridelt pub trivia cheaters within the hour. Stay tuned.
Just added KAF on snapchat.
Just banned one person and all the antigay comments were gone  thanks for making it easy for me
Just because they can talk, doesn't mean they are worth listening to
Just blitz your last chances, not knowing who's crushing on me is killing me! 
Just bought a waterproof mattress pad so I can wet my bed whenever I want!
Just call me dOPe
Just caught a couple in the middle of their tryst in our first floor lounge... Guess I'll be doing my printing elsewhere 
Just deleted frandsy. Graduation is now official. 
Just did laundry...the divorce rate among my socks is at an all time high 
Just do it!!!
Just fell into the toilet, forgot the seat wasn't down
Just finished last chances! Get ready people
Just finished my decade but I'm not happy at all...
Just found a huge tick in my ass crack
Just found my old Zoo Tycoon game, so looks like the rest if my summer is booked
Just found out my high school's new health teacher is named LaBias 
Just gave a prospie an impromptu tour while holding a shot glass 
Just got "in trouble" by my mom for being awake. Punishment is she's waking me up at 8am tmrw. What the fuck. I'm 21. The whole being home thing is not chill. #angrymoms
Just got even more kooshed
Just got out of bed. Every second I sleep is a second I don't have to be writing my papers.
Just got so kooshed, saw a guy get arrested and was like fuck the popo
Just got the email that I was "released" from the waitlist at Tuck. I have not felt this shitty and unaccomplished in a very long time. Sigh.
Just had a salad for lunch. That means I can eat like cookies and cake for dinner right?
Just had an amazing meal at Edgerton House. Those Episcopalians sure can cook! 
Just had to take out a second mortgage after buying a toothbrush from topside
Just handed in my key and could barely fit the envelope through the slot. Then I remembered that it didn't come with the lanyard.
Just heard two drunk boys with NZ accents walk past my window arguing about accountability. Surprisingly entertaining
Just imagine how many tears result when the sorting hat tells a poor soul they have to be a GDI 
Just learned it's possible to be hungover from two nights ago
Just left and already miss Dartmouth a bunch :(
Just lied to my gf that I was busy and couldn't have sex. Truth is I just want to eat my Doritos and kill zombies online. 
Just me or does this school have an inordinate amount of sociopaths?
Just met a '56 on a ranch in the Midwest who couldn't have been more excited to find out where I was from. It's nice to know that wherever I am I'll still be part of the Dartmouth community.
Just need a dude I can fuck everyday and send nudes to occasionally 
Just posted this as a reply to a yak but want to post it as a regular yak: we should start intramural pong tournaments outside of masters. Let's make it a thing. 
Just realized I don't have to click on "my herd" anymore to see Dartmouth yaks. Welcome back 
Just realized I haven't changed my sheets since the beginning of the term. Good thing I'm painfully single.
Just realized one of our valedictorians was describing her photographic memory with that "mental snapshots" speech 
Just received a Novak coffee cup in the airport and had some finals PTSD. 
Just remember two big nights this weekend with this group of people
Just said goodbye to the greatest thing that ever happened to me 
Just saw a couple walking into BEMA wonder what they could be doing there
Just saw a gardener pouring water (?) onto a tree, but from a diesel fuel container.
Just saw the graduation set-up on the green and felt like Simba watching his father fall off the cliff
Just saw what looked like blood and semen in a choates toilet #humansofinterim
Just saws waspy family walk by and every single one of them was wearing white & had a sweater tied around their neck. Seriously? 
Just secured a full time job for next year on this campus. Haha Dartmouth you can't get rid of me that easily
Just set dartmouth as my herd :,) I miss it already
Just so you know, the lead singer for the African group at the worlds in Pitch Perfect 2 was an Aire. Dartmouth kids run the world 
Just started focusing in Novack and the janitor starts dragging around every chair in the building
Just started writing my term paper due tomorrow 
Just think... The blood you donated could be in someone's boner right now...
Just threw away 2 jellybeans so I wouldn't have to admit to myself that I consumed an entire 3 lb bag of them singlehandedly 
Just took the classic homecoming shit, but I've been home for 4 days already. I guess the 4 day buildup was worth it? 
Just trying meet new people to keep my options open when I visit for homecoming 
Just updated my high school resume and realized I've done nothing impressive since. 
Just walked to the stacks to try and find a spot. Not a single fucking person studying on the top three floors, yet not a single spot open. Come on. 
Just wanna share a small sorbae. + 
Just want a girl that I can spoil and laugh with and hug and kiss on her gorgeous neck.
Just when I thought I beat the post-Green Key cold...
Just woke up to my girlfriend trying to make my nipples hard
KAF OPEN
KAF is so empty right now it feels like sophomore summer again.
KAF only open til 4 and closed on the weekends?! What is this atrocity? 
KAF should be two stories. That is all. 
KDE for once in your college career could you be at a reasonable level of noise? I'm trying to sleep and you're so loud right out my window
KDE is a safe space for everything but your ears
KDE is so chill. Man it feels good to be a gangsta
KDE you're annoying 
KDE's need to do less
Kaf dude at starbucks. #benedictarnold? #kafcivilwar?
Kaf guy wearing purple sunglasses must be high as balls
Kaf is closed at 5:30, literally derailing my entite afternoon.
Kaf scene is so weird right now
Keep hearing that the price of my education is much more than $60k/yr. But, it looks like D's expenses with the biggest price tags generally "look good" but dont really affect my experience or edu...
Keep some form of journal over the summer. You don't want to forget the little moments - from a 15 who didn't and wished they did
Kid got caught cheating during  chem 6 woops 
Kids will it appalling that we discriminated against people for their sexual preference, just as we were appalled to find out that black people were discriminated against for their skin color.
Kinda just want to procrastinate and post every guy's name that goes to this school on last chances to see who is crushing on me...totally not a waste of time to find true love 
King of NY
Kissing is such a nice, warm-and-fuzzy feeling and I don't get enough of it 
Knee deep in the water somewhere with the blue sky breeze blowing wind through my hair, only worry in the world "is the tide gonna reach my chair?"
Koosh
Kronos more like fuck you and you and you and you and I'm going to rob payroll
LNC IS OPEN
LNC is life
LOVE ME
Ladies of YY: has a guy ever successfully made you cum?
Ladies: Stop sending nudes and start sending textbook PDFs 
Lake titticaca
Lakes are just islands for fish
Last Chances has just become my friends matching each other for shits and giggles 
Last Late Night Collis 
Last chance dance tn hope to see you there ;)
Last chances 
Last chances for senior couples: let's do all that weird shit we never had time for during classes
Last chances is gone...
Last chances works
Last day of C&R...finally. 
Last day of classes, time to get #rekt. 
Last final today. God help me.
Last night was a night to remember... Or forget. Not sure which
Last real weekend to get with that  '15 you're into! 
Last time someone yaked in my area was 3 days ago...without basecamp I don't know what I would have done when I poop
Lastchances (dot) herokuapp (dot) com
Late nite foco was the best thing to happen 13X
Laugher has no place in the library right now
Least stress-inducing place to study on campus?
Leaving Dartmouth for the last time with 8008 yak karma. My inner 12 year old is so proud.
Leaving Dartmouth made me realize how amazing it is that you can smile at anyone on the street
Leaving home for campus tomorrow. 15X here I come 
Left my door unlocked, went to class, came back, door was locked 
Left my math final today, went to the bathroom, proceeded to throw up from stress for ~15 min... rinsed my mouth and went back to finish the exam. You win Hanlon, you win. 
Left my windows open all day and now the mosquitos are circling in for the kill. 
Lesson learned: never try to have sex to Pandora. Always have a curated fuck playlist 
Lessons learned: never try to do a Jamaican accent
Let me get this straight, seniors are "rewarded" for graduation by being forced to sit in the blazing sun in heavy, dark robes for hours on end?
Let the sunday grind begin 
Let's be real y'all we all know Dartmouth would be House Stark.
Let's go to GDX tonight 
Let's just all go back to Dartmouth and party.
Let's take a moment of silence for all the people who are about to be single because the term is coming to an end
Lets knock it off with this nonsense "koosh" shit ok?
Life is too short for jealousy.
LinkedIn creeps me out 
Liquor? I hardly know her!
Listening to drake rn and remembering the girl that unfroze me in freeze tag in 2nd grade
Literally all I care about today is seeing American Pharoah win the Triple Crown 
Literally everyone is bitching about their hometowns rn. What shitholes do we come from?
Literally just threw up in front of my mom. Bye dart
Live and Let die
Live every spring like its senior spring
Liver: please stop drinking, you're killing me. Me: new phone who dis 
Liverpool losing 5-0 at half time for Gerrard's last game..........
Living with an Aire is having to listen to him serenade his hookup post-hookup
Lol at last chances still being up.
Lol just saw a fat cop trip on the curb. 
Lol one guy at graduation is tripping hella acid
Lol the hottest yak in the town I'm driving through in Upstate NY is -2
Lol-ing that none of the major dining halls were open at 10:30.. Sorry I slept in?
Long board... New hamp hallway... If you took it plz return it no hard feelings, honestly. 
Long shot, but anyone down for pong anywhere? I can't go to sleep, and I really wanna play.
Long weekend started last night. 
Look at all these chickens. 
Look at phone/computer. Feel like I can instantly fall asleep. Lay head down. Sleep does not come. Why this. 
Look gay marriage is great and all, but it'd be great if you started treating us like normal people in addition to that so like yeah 
Look, I know SnS is abusing their power, but any references between them and the SS, a group that systematically targeted and murdered countless people, isn't funny. Please stop it.
Looking for one final hookup before I head out for good
Looks like AD did give up the ship...
Lord of the rings plus my gf plus no classes is amazing
Losing your ID does wonders for saving meal swipes and DBA
Lost my wits in the orgo exam today. Please let me know if you find them, I really need them back!!
Lost navy blue Fitbit, will give $50 to the person who finds it!
Lots of people back home are so small minded. I'm glad I go to college where we know that there's more to life than these 50 states. 
Lou's Challenge anyone? 
Love is tighttttt
Love me some Lady and the Tramps
Love swiping right on all the hanover girls 
Love wins is a lame hashtag. Whoever is paid to come up with hashtags needs to go back to hashtag vocational school 
M&M's for breakfast...at 5:30 in the morning...after an all nighter...
MDF: stop annual tuition increases for families on financial aid.
Made a calendar event for my birthday in August, repeat every year, ending never. So I guess you could say I'm immortal now. 
Made it till the end of week 8 to pull my first all nighter of the term 
Madonna please stop :( 
Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic Mushrooms Magic SHROOM
Major props to SigEp last night for having unaffiliated invite. You guys really made me feel welcome. 
Majoring in self pity with a double minor in procrastination and crying
Make burgers now 
Make sure people are up/wake them up! Never know who uses an old alarm clock. 
Male looking for Female for copious sexual activities
Man is an animal. The best you can get out of life is visceral pleasure. We are all material and finite beings.
Man, nothing like waking up at 4am full of anxiety about med school apps. I swear being pre med is like a disease :/
Mass row has never been so hoarse
May Kearney is fucking sick 
Maybe I'm wrong, maybe you're right, it just may be alright.
Maybe she just realized she was a pawn in Frank's game to get elected
Me And my friends used to crush up a bunch of leaves and put them in each other's butt cracks at summer camp!
Me when the washers half ass their job and don't rinse all the detergent our: Not Today, Satan....
Me while trying to complete the Lou's challenge: "This is so worth it!" Me after completing it: "This was not worth it."
Me: "I is kind, I is smart, I is important." Dartmouth: "No."
Me: "I'm going to get up early and get things done tomorrow!" Body: "ha bitch we're hitting the snooze fifteen times"
Me: "wanna get dinner?" My girlfriend: "I have a boyfriend."
Me: I think Im finally going to get a girlfriend at Dartmouth!     D-Plan: Fuck your love life.     Me: Ok "
Me: I'll just open up my canvas lecture files now Computer: .....lol no *lags* *dies* *combusts* *ash blows away on the north wind*
Me: checks where I am on long drives via snapchat geofilters
Me: which of your kids do you like best? Mom: don't be silly I hate you all equally 
Mean Novack lady has been really nice lately 
Messed up and missed my chance with my crush... Bye forever I guess
Met my gf over YikYak!! 
Met my girl in jail. Call her Guantanamo Bae. 
Midwest values, what what
Miss you already Dartmouth 
Miss you guys  <3
Missed my train, so I had to take the next one. Randomly ended up next to a friend from Dart...funny world.
Missing Dartmouth so much it hurts.
Missing the 12:55 coach is brutal...
Missing the D
Moaning near the boat house! Get it!
Mom, you're just like New Hampshire *opens card* by which I mean you're beautiful yet cold. Happy Mothers Day.
Mom: "Don't worry if you got a bad grade. We have fireball at home"
Moment of silence for the sanity I've lost
Moo
Mood: crawling into my nightgown and getting deep into a spooky mystery novel.
Moose on the loose! Beware near the green, Parkhurst side. 
Morning light always makes my body look incredible 
Most fun male and female sports team?
Most people on campus want to do their last chance, I just want mozz sticks one last time
Most recent yak 7 hours ago...now I remember how I was so productive in highschool
Motivation going down
Munchies
Mural room at 4pm on a Friday is just as grim as it sounds. 
My DBA cannot withstand novack being closed
My English co worker is going back to England for the fourth of July weekend. What a sore loser.
My Saturday was going pretty well until I realized it was Sunday
My bed is always amazingly cozy when I'm drunk
My boyfriend + tank top = get me like roar! 
My boyfriend feels me up in his sleep.
My boyfriend says I'm clingy, but every time I give him space he accuses me of fucking someone. What am I missing?
My brother ( a '19) just asked me if choates was pronounced ko - ates
My conversations with my sister make anywhere from 0-12% sense to any outside observer
My crush just sent me an invitation to connect on LinkedIn 
My depression is so bad but after scrolling through my contacts I realize no one would want to listen to me vent. Barely hanging on anymore. 
My dick identifies as huge thank you
My divorced parents are here at graduation. So awkward to see my dad hitting on my mom. 
My doctor told me to stop masterbating. It sucked because I was about to cum. 
My doctor wrote me a prescription for dailysex, but my girlfriend insists its dyslexia.
My email is so sad without the campus listserv
My exam should have at least taken me out to dinner before fucking me like that
My favorite quote from GK: "my family's really disappointed in me. My sisters married, my brothers married with a kid, and I'm just sitting here drunk off my ass in a field"
My favorite time of term is coming up where everyone is in the library together and we're all snug as a bug doing work. 
My final research paper be like
My finals stress zits be poppin' more than T-Pain over green key
My formal date made out with me all night on the dance floor and hung out after then didn't try to hook up. I don't understand. 
My friend is a pathological liar, fat, single, whines all the time about being single, and lied about being sexually assaulted. All this he blames on his depression... smh. 
My friend made $150 saving a seat today. If he keeps it up for 1,625 more years he could afford tuition
My friends bf broke his dick mid inter course 
My gf broke up with me because I'm "too emotionally stable" 
My gf insists on being big spoon even though I'm clearly bigger as a dude 
My girl friend who I met freshman year woke up at 4:30 and couldn't fall back asleep so she packed my whole room today before we graduate. I think I need to wife her up. 
My goal is to be rich enough that I don't have to move my own shit anymore 
My hair might hate this humidity more than I do.
My high school friends just spent an entire dinner talking about tanning, their hairdressers, and planning their weddings. I can't wait to get back. 
My home town yikyak is pretty much just lesbian college girls fishing for hookups or pretending to be guys. I miss Hanover. 
My hometown yaks are all college students home for break and complaining about how the yak game here sucks. 
My job wouldn't give me off for half Christmas 
My life is a constant struggle of: "do I really want to put pants on for this?"
My little sister thinks pre-gaming is playing video games before going out . . . 
My mom told me I would never amount to anything with my procrastinating. I told her "You just wait!"
My negative DBA is stressful mostly just because it reminds me that we're close to the end of the term and I still have a shit ton to do
My news feed looks like a war broke out between the confederates and a skittle factory 
My only inspiration for finals week is Shia LaBeouf's motivational video
My parents are divorced, and my dad just asked me to make him an engagement ring. 
My parents are still mad at me because I cried when they came to take me home
My parents prove time and time again why it's impossible for me to ever live with them.
My past 2 nights I've dreamed of 1. A fortune 500 internship and 2. A smart yet supportive boyfriend. Waking up has really been harshing my vibe
My phone got dropped in beer last night... At least now I know the iPhone5 is beer proof
My phone just fell down a flight of stairs but it's ok it was in my pocket 
My room is unbearably hot without a fan in this power outage
My room's never been so clean 
My roommate has stopped going to his classes and sleeps all day. Should I say something? 
My roommate is still drunk and my girlfriend threw up in my shoe last night. Why am I studying?
My scotus is itchy!
My sister visited brown on a college trip and came home with a "if it's brown flush it down" t shirt. That's my girl. 
My sister: "how is it that we look nothing alike?"  My dad from the next room: "Different milkmen."
My sleep schedule is so fucked 
My visiting little brother is already cooler than me
My wifi at home is worse than Dartmouth Public...
My yak from 2 days ago is the only one on the hot list at home.
Naked dude in an ankle brace on sigeps roof 
National holidays are unreal for our predominantly MWF sched. Go USA 
Need 1
Need 1 for Lou's challenge 
Need 1 for moral support in library
Need 1 for sleeping in my bed with me
Need 1 girl for ffm
Need 1 grill for cuddling and listening to this week's "A Prairie Home Companion"
Need a 15 girl to do 1 of the 7 now 
Need a job. Plus the blow
Need a lift today? Google: buzzfeed too smol 
Need one (dollar) for ebas
Need one for 69... at the moment I only have 68 and that's no fun
Need one for stacks
Need one fp
Need to finish the wire before school starts 
Need to laminate my notes so I can study in the shower.
Netflix + Snacks = House of Carbs
Never but a vibrator. Just join a sorority Groupme and put your phone on your lady parts
Never had a cold sore before but my lip just started itching like 25 minutes ago - bad sign? 
Never had a serious gf... Or a top yak. 
Never have I ever cried during a movie. Uncle puts on interstellar. Bawled my eyes out. An amazing watch...
Never needed someone to talk to more than I do now
Never really got the point of self calls on YY. I mean it's anonymous so no one's going to suddenly high five me for banging three girls yesterday.
Never trust someone who says their favorite team is a European soccer club
New A$AP album=
New library etiquette: if someone saved their spot, put their stuff off to the side and it's now your seat. They can deal
New snapchat filter up
Next step: metric system 
Next up: fight for the marriage rights of women smitten by "Handsome Gorilla"
Next up: legalize drinking at 18! Like the rest of the civilized world! 
Nice to see every 17 in this school in class today
No alcohol or food. Best quarter ever my ass
No class on memorial day makes me not want to do any more work. It's already summer right?
No late night means that I am literally consuming beer to quell my hunger from missing dinner. 
No offense but my hobbies are staying hydrated and beautiful. 
No one laughs at God in a hospital. No one laughs at God in a war. But God can be funny at your cocktail party. 
No one streaked chem6. What is this madness?
No ragrets
No they don't 
No valedictorian, I wasn't on yikyak until you said that!
No way did someone burn popcorn again. No way. Yeap. 
Not gonna miss you once you graduate you fucking asshole
Not kidding when I say that I had a dream last night about being attacked by an alpaca. It tried to eat my face. Happy Graduation!
Not killing myself is one of my biggest accomplishments, but it isn't something I can really brag about over the dinner table. Like, "Hey, I was suicidal but I didn't do it and now I'm here "
Not now, Secure. Seriously. You can't shut down on me. 
Not saying it's hot in my room but two hobbits just came and threw a ring in it. 
Not sure how so many alums end up married to each other when I can't even get a guy to text me back
Not sure if I should be more disappointed that the top yak at home is "upvote if you're STD free," or that it only has 38 upvotes
Not sure if late night yak or late night tinder
Not sure if the s&s officer on the bicycle is unlicensed or this is how they initiate their new team members 
Not sure what I should be more worried about - my final tomorrow that I'm unprepared for or my growing thoughts of hurting myself. 
Not sure who's fucked more, Greek houses or Greek banks
Not the resignation we needed nor the resignation we deserved.
Not to self: never wearing flip flops to the libs again 
Nothing about this is ok
Nothing beats the feeling of closing every window and tab after you turn in a paper/exam. 
Nothing better than a chill, smart, cultured, and gorgeous daughter of Dartmouth.
Nothing brings a family together more than receiving the text saying you've used 90% of your group data for the month
Nothing is worse than having to take a shit during an exam. 
Nothing like a trip home to remind me just how attractive y'all are. Can't wait for 15F. 
Nothing like afternoon naps to get you used to waking up wondering "where the hell am I and what day is it?" 
Nothing like being blinded when you leave your dorm in the morning 
Nothing like dealing with the assholes in the real world to make me miss my Dartmouth friends. I can't with these "I've had so much pussy so I know how the world works" jerks. No one cares.  
Nothing makes me want to go home more than going out 
Nothing makes you feel like more of a boss than writing an argument paper while listening to dramatic music
Nothing pisses me off more than when I have to wait for Novack workers to finish playing on their phone so I can order
Nothing ruins your Friday like finding out it's a Tuesday 
Novak is closed despite the website claiming they open at 4 
Novak is giving away food as it closes for the holiday weekend. Grab it while you can. 
Now it's time to play everyone's favorite game 'is she hot or 15?'
OK but what is the door code to your HEART??????
OMG JUST BLOW YOUR NOSE 
Odds are I can talk my ex and her hotter friend into a threesome this summer? (They've already made out)
Of course my last chance wants to hook up with someone else tonight
Often times it is not weights that we are lifting but our feels
Oh drunk EBAs how I'll miss you
Oh my gawwwd grilled cheese
Oh no now my mom is on yik yak. She calls it yak yak. Nooooooo
Oh sure I'll bike 100 miles for the Prouty! All my training on the elliptical and doing juice cleanses should have me prepared! 
Oh...I guess there's a world out there that isn't Dartmouth
Ok to round lack of yaks to MDF?
Ok yes to those fireworks. 15s going out with a literal bang 
Okay I am going to stay off yak for exactly 5 hours to finish my essay. When I get back I expect a lot of funny or encouraging comments on this post. And I will streak a final (maybe)
Okay I've added all of my friends at this point. Who are these last five....?
Okay so what happens when you match on Last Chances with someone who's in a relationship
Okay, living with my parents was great for a few weeks. Now let's fast-forward to the end of the summer 
Older dude smoking a j on the green, keep doing you.
Omg real horses on the green
Omg thank you shorts!!!!! I love when you ride up my inner thighs like that!!!!! 
On a scale from 1 to Nature Valley Granola Bar, how much is your life falling apart right now?
On adderall. Just took the most focused poop of my life. 
On average, our graduates make the most money for a reason. Our social skills give us a competitive advantage over other Ivy league grads. Increase academic rigor, lose this advantage. 
On this Independence Day I... wish I had a partner 
On this day of finals, please remember that 71 years ago today was D-Day, never forget those who have fallen to give us the freedoms we take for granted today 
On top of the world right now. Thanks Dartmouth!
Once you hit the word count, nothing else matters...
Once you've seen one shopping center, you've seen the mall
One last poop on campus. Goodbye 1-ply.
One more paragraph and this sorry little paper is done!
One of my classes was going to meet today, so I dropped it. #SophomoreSummer
One time on vacation i came home and there was a ROOSTER crowing. I did not know this happened in real life. I couldnt sleep
One week until sophomore summer!!! 
Only Last Chancing people who don't know I exist to confirm my loneliness. 
Only because my friend asked to behave. Otherwise I'd be tearing your line cutting ass a new one. You piece of shit! 
Only grades for one of my classes is out. Can someone explain how this is possible?
Only use paper embedded with seeds. That way, something beautiful will always blossom as I weep over my syllabi and readings full of academic rigor. 
Only yak in my home town is "where is the nearest pizza?" Thank god we have EBAS
Oops pizza won't make them want to sex me
Orange is the New Black has completely jumped the shark. 
Orange is the New Black out on early release. You're welcome. 
Ordered sandwich at subway. Got a culinary degree from Cornell. 
Orgo prof opens the door for streakers... instant classic
Our generation will forever be known as the generation in search of itself 
Outrageous party on Kemeny patio, come relive 2007
Over/under 7 ADs shake hanlon's hand tomorrow
Overheard angry long distance girlfriend: I'm not monitoring your Facebook, I'm just checking to see if you update it. 
Overheard at United baggage office "yea the rackers mixes up the planes last night. They put the bags for Houston on Chicago and Chicago on Houston" smh...
Overheard at the hop "yeah see, red meat is great for per workout but not really post workout"
Overheard in novack : "pull my rigor"
Overheard: "What's an email? Clearly it's a blitz."
Overheard: (girl who brought a dog to commencement rehearsal) they're not letting her go to the BEMA even though she's hypoallergenic!
Overheard: I would fuck a sigep to get a derby invite
PB you are killing me with these baby animals. I die.
PSA grey honda parked in mass lot is about to get a ticket. Move if yours
PSA s&s ticketing in mass row parking lot right now
PSA the sidewalk is not designed for bikes so don't get pissed at people as you're about to run them over
PSA: Novack is open!
PSA: Tonight's the last night for Late Night Collis
PSA: free donuts at dunkin if you buy a beverage 
Pack your shit 15s, we're evicting you next weekend 
Packed all my shit and had to dry myself off with paper towels after my shower.
Packing with my parents:..... Oh wait. My parents live in California. Just me packing all 8 boxes...and then carrying them across campus....
Pancakes in br-ittle in 15min
Pandora just played my hips don't lie. So many memories and just reminded me how old that song is and how old I am. 
Part of me kind of hates going home immediately after finals. Like my friends and family probably think I spent all term with this extra stress-eating fat and all-nighter acne.
Part of the hop near hanover inn currently smells like someone went away for a 2-week vacation in midsummer & left their aquarium unplugged and their fish died & everything now smells like dead fish
Party at AD tonight at 10:16. If you are kind but not super soft and know how to find the humor in somber moments come over
Party in sudikoff!
Party in the basement 
Pease's essay anyone?
Pegging to me is when someone throws something and it makes a solid hit
Pegging=closet case
People always say that at least their parents will still love them if they fail a class, but I'll surely fail the class I have a final in today, and I'm honestly not sure if my parents will accept it.
People at Dartmouth have zero conception of how time works. 
People at this school are savages 
People from state schools from home bragging on Facebook about their 4.0...
People here can be divided into two groups: those who look perfect and are a mess on the inside, and those who complain but secretly have their shit together 
People in berry 4 study room: stfu or close your door 
People in govt 5...taking exam today or next week? Can't decide what to do
People just need to know that they're being heard.
People think Dart now is like Animal House, but no one drinks keystone in that movie. 
People used to hunt their own food and I can't even get out of bed for the hop
People who keep the clicking sound for their iPhone keyboard - could you not?
People who run for fun <<<<
People who say, "bros before hoes," usually have neither.
Period had me very very worried. But better late than never
Petition for late night gym hours so I can work out when stressed instead of stuffing my face with Collis onion rings and chicken tenders 
Philosophy papers suck. I always feel like my paper is going to get owned because philosophy profs probably derive some guilty pleasure in finding the holes in my argument. 
Phone always drops in the bathroom. Fuuuuuuuck. 
Phys exam wilder 104 needs streaking @now 
Physically incapable of having less than 8 drinks when I go out. U can't be an alcoholic in college tho right?
Pinot noir
Piss off Dartmouth in 10 words or less. Go.
Pixar in 1995: what if toys had feelings? Pixar in 2006: what if cars had feelings? Pixar in 2015: what if feelings had feelings?
Pizza is the only love triangle I want
Plant a block of ramen and water it with Keystone Light and a Dartmouth student will grow. 
Playing normal pong and I honestly would rather go to sleep.... This is brutal
Please don't include "last chance" in the subject line. I'm thirsty enough already
Please get me home, so I can stop eating myself into an early grave.
Please help! If I cc my dean on an email asking a prof for an extension, do I have to ask my dean first? I don't know him really. Also do I acknowledge that I cc'd my dean and point it out to prof? 
Please let us in we will give a nice hug (if you want it)
Please pray for Cornell. Nothing happened; it's just that people go there.
Please someone answer! I'm having a nervous breakdown and I just can't finish this tonight and I don't know what to do
Please someone streak Engines 23 final...
Please spank me during sex  I can't get enough 
Plena libre  getting excited 
Plot twist, six alums get good sammed  tonight
Plot twist: The D's Editorial Board writes something that represents a majority of students' views. 
Pls stop with the basketball outside of Choates. I need my rigor rest. 
Pollen is like natures semen, it gets on fucking everything 
Pong scenes?
Poooooor AD
Popping a blister only to find there's another blister underneath
Positive of having the Greek system: fully powered homes to students when power is out and the school has let the student body down in every other way
Possible to raise your GPA after a rough freshman year? 
Post the initials of your crush here 
Pour one out for the boys. #RIP
Powder blue lexus getting a ticket outside baker if its yours go now!!
Praying to the thunder Gods tonight to cancel tomorrow's games 
Pretty fucking typical that 90% of the doors are still locked before our 8am classes
Pretty glad Hanover doesn't really have fire ants
Pretty random but just thinking it'd be nice if we could have reunions with the '15s. Going to miss a lot of them now :-/
Pretty sure Hanlon is planning an orgy in Bema. Just saw two golf carts full of old people go in there. He looked excited. 
Pretty sure I sprained my pelvic bone or something wtfwtfwtf
Pretty sure I use my coverup more for hickeys than my face
Pretty sure every girl on campus has their period rn
Pretty sure my friend's mom was checking me out tonight. So if you're reading this, Mrs. R, I'm DTF. 
Pretty sure my kindergarten lunch aid has more real power than SnS
Pretty sure this girl is hooking up with me for my extra dba and I'm totally ok with it
Procrastination Level: just read the instructions on a box of condoms. 
Procrastination levek: rearranging apps on my phone
Procrastination level: reading venmo transactions
Procrastination level: vacuuming random common rooms
Procrastination level: watching high school graduation
Prof Fesen of ASTR2 sounds *exactly* like Seinfeld
Prof cancels 10A because of the outage last night and is now "sick". 
Prof didn't realize Wednesday was reading period and was forced to cancel class that day. #winning
Prof: "Why are you all so tired today?"student: "the paper was dude." Prof: "oh you guys have papers to do." Student: "for this class."
Propel does not get you drunk 
Props to the historians for breaking the monotony and being hilarious 
Proud to be alive, regardless of gender, race, sexuality or socio-economic status
Prouty is soooo fucking expensive 
Psa Baker is closed today
Pulled my first actual all nighter to get my thesis printed today! Gonna nap then make sure I actually make sense ...
Put the fucking docks out
Putting yourself in your friends shoes and realizing you couldn't be friends with you. 
Quick! What's something healthy I can have for lunch? Healthy lunch = cake for dinner 
Quick, I need things to talk about with a girl I'm into! Advice please!!
Quickest way to develop a new appreciation of Hanover: Come to my town 
Quickly losing patience.
RAMEN WEEK. 
RIGOR MORTIS AMIRITE
RIP Dartmouth public
Ragrets
Rain, rain go away. If I had wanted to go to school in Seattle I wouldn't have bothered to do so well in high school.
Rainy day tequila. That is all. 
Ramadan: putting the slim in Muslim
Ramen week #yes
Ramen week begins in Foco. Collis is open. The Hop (Courtyard Cafe) is closed. 
Ran into three other Dartmouth students randomly in a span of two hours in New York. I  our school
Random realization that there aren't many Muslim girls at Dartmouth who wear hijabs...anyone know why? Is it that most of y'all choose not to wear them? 
Read all the terms and conditions before clicking accept. 
Reading about polio like I'm so thankful scientists figured out how to make a vaccine... seriously a modern miracle
Reading all the yaks from last night - I love tridelts but please don't turn into KDE
Reading period would be so much more productive if I actually used the time to do my work 
Reading through a whole semester's worth of physics notes. I have one page that's just labeled "witch craft"
Reading up on Nullification all day. 
Real genius is finding a way to kill the last hour of your workday without looking too unproductive
Real question. Does anyone know if there are trip leader trainings over the summer?
Real toilet paper 
Real world yaks are scary racist tho
Real world yaks make me realize how clever y'all are
Realizing the great thing about life is it's never too late to start over but it doesn't happen overnight
Realizing you'll probably never see your crush again because you're graduating and they're not <<<<<
Really great at getting out of friendships, but really bad at making friendships. Advice?
Really just want to eat her out right now 
Really liked this 15, I regret not telling them and seeing them walk across that stage was like a final blow to the heart.
Really missing having sex with my bf right now.....so damn horny 
Really sad that I may never see some of the 15s again. 
Really want to put a Febreeze label on an air horn in the bathrooms around here. You'll know what's going on in there 
Really wish I could find a girl who's interested in pegging but it's basically impossible 
Rediscovered poking on Facebook.  Currently rekindling my relationship with my 7th grade crush
Regretting cutting all 4 classes I was shopping right about now. 
Remember a couple days ago when the power was out?
Remember that one time, at Hogwarts, when all that shit went down and then they canceled finals? How do we make that happen?
Remember the band fun? Wtf happened to them 
Remember the happiness that was green key #thosewerethedays
Remember those scratch and sniff books?
Remember when T Swift was country lolololol
Remember when the op icon didn't exist. There was so much power in the anonymity 
Remember, today is the youngest you're ever going to be for the rest of your life. Make it count.
Remembering I have friends not coming back in the fall has put all my work complaints in perspective. 
Remembering those we've lost who should be graduating with us tomorrow 
Rename off campus housing "hard alcohol affinity housing"
Repost is the ultimate repost.
Returning back to school excited for everything but seeing my roommate..
Returning for another year on campus for a job, it hasn't set it that my tripees/housemates won't be there with me
Rig rig soil
Rigorous fashion 
Rihla
Rising with the Sun God and walking to the haus in formal attire to turn the fuck up
Rivers, and roads, and rivers, and roads; rivers till I reach youuu
Romper? I barely know her!
Room draw leaves 187 without housing. ORL must be operated by Cornell grads.
Roommate still not back I hope he's not dead 
Roses are grey. Violets are grey. I am a dog. 
Runnin through the stacks with my woes 
Running home so they can build a pong table in their garage
Running low on the ganj...
Running through the six with my backpack because I'm late to class
S/O to all my friends that helped me eat after I ran out of dba in week 3
S/O to the Grill who took a face plant on mass row whose green smoothie went all over her and the pavement... Way to get up and brush it off! Hope your day gets better. 
S/o Spanish 3 exam trying to ice the kicker
S/o to the guy who just stole a painting from collis 
SAE IS PLAYING SPOTIFY NON PREMIUM AND THEY JUST PLAYED AN ANTI SMOKING AD FULL BLAST IN THE BASEMENT IM SCREAMING
SAME-SEX MARRIAGE LEGAL NATIONWIDE
SNS just pulled over Hillary's limo and made her pour out all her hard alcohol
SNS shut down alumn party, found some hard liquor
SNS writing tickets in the mid mass lot rn. 
STOP Kony 2015
STOP The Crumbs Emails 2015 
Said this last spring and will say it again now: My life became a lot better when Dartmouth came into it.
Sailing team joins what frat? 
Same sex marriage legalized across the country! 
Samwell Tarley gets laid on Thrones, but not us YY community, not us!
Sanborn open?
Santa's helpers are subordinate clauses
Save me. Please
Saxophone guy who was sitting on the green yesterday: thank you. You made my evening that much more magical. 
Say hay to the seasonal gazebo on the green yall
Say what you want, but I love The Crumbs. 
Saying bye to friends that you won't see for 6 months sucks
Saying you handle transactions for a multi-billion dollar company is way better than saying youre a cashier at McDonalds
Scroll by scroll by fingers cramp as I review the galassalraptus of online canvas readings this course has...somewhere Hanlon is slightly smirking with that cookie duster on his face, you win this one
Scroll down to refresh...
Seat saver older lady, while we're waiting to be let in: "There is a LINE" Me: "Oh honey"
Seat saving opens at 6:30 correct?
Seat saving, may the odds be ever in your favor
Second-hand nostalgia... 16s we're next? 
Seeing a girl on tinder and thinking "Iv got no chance but I'll swipe right anyway"
Seeing a grey Ford Explorer around your hometown and thinking its S&S
Seeing all these grad photos of my '15 friends and I can't identify any of the canes. 
Seeing all these through hikers has reminded me of my love for the outdoors. I know I tell myself this every term, but this summer I'm definitely doing more with the DOC
Seeing the 15s go got me like frodo after gandalf fell into the mines of moria...
Seeing things
Seem to be unaffected by anything...power outs, protests, GK...nothing. They just go on minding me their own business it's amazing 
Selling 5 seats $20 each middle of the green. 
Senior spring turning into my most expensive weeks at Dartmouth #dds #thanksobama
Senior week - it's not about the quantity of the Ragers, but the quality of those who do
Senior year yolo bullshit
Senior, drunk in tuck 3,where ya at? 
Serious question. If you overhear the door code to a frat, is it ethical to use it?
Serious question: how do I concentrate on writing this paper when I have no f's left to give
Serious what is the difference between club soda and seltzer 
Seriously?? No one wants to play pong??
Set Dartmouth as my basecamp. Finally home.
Sex. Now. Who's down
She asked me how big I was. I told her Dartmouth 7
She has me feeling like I just sank the last cup.
She just viewed my LinkedIn profile, so you could say things are getting pretty serious. 
Shine bright like a diamond...like a mattress under UV lights
Shit it's raining right now? Back to bed for me
Shivering in my bed right now
Shoot! Everyone is typing really fast. I missed something important. Darn here we go again. Missed the second point because I had to yik yak about missing the first. Last day. Senior spring
Short dark hair singer in the KDE cover band reply if u like boys
Shotgun fairies for finals?
Should I listen to drake and think about you or listen to Kanye and think about me
Should I text her? I don't know if she likes me...
Should have gone to a state school with AC. 
Should my underwear match my major for graduation? No major here. 
Shout out to Souleymane at FoCo. That man's positivity is infectious.
Shout out to c&r folks
Shout out to ng 17 for getting absolutely roasted at that recruiting info session
Shout out to the bagel slicer that actually didn't just smoosh my bagel
Shout out to the bee who flew into my room, buzzed around for a few minutes, and then politely found the window it entered through and left without causing any trouble. You da real MVP 
Shout out to the dude who almost ran me over. ..guess you were in the mood for a pancake
Shoutout to Souleymane. That dude brightens my day every time I see him.
Shoutout to all the Dartmouth alums out there fighting for a better tomorrow. Hopefully we can emulate you one day
Shoutout to all the KDEs on yikyak right now
Shoutout to everyone who found a nut tonight....men and women included
Shoutout to guy wearing a sleeping mask in Sanborn
Shoutout to my fellow yakkers on the late night crew! We've made it to sunrise, folks.  We can do this!
Shoutout to swugs for doing everything slugs do without being an actual slug
Shoutout to the '65s because that's the only way they can hear 
Shoutout to the 4 kids on ffb. Wtf are you doing there at 830 on Friday morning? 
Shoutout to the Collis workers. Those are some nice fucking people. 
Shoutout to the dope ass butterfly that just butterflew right past me
Shoutout to the guy in the Hawaiian shirt who ordered six coffees in kaf 
Shoutout to the guy who just bought a bunch of coffees for people in the queue 
Shoutout to this dude in my Latin class. You suck at Latin but you seem like a nice guy so keep at it!
Shoutout to whoever used up extra dba by pre-buying coffee for the next ten people at KAF!
Show up to graduation and I wore the same outfit as everyone else...
Show your crush my yaks and my comments  or your text conversations 
Shower thought: most Dartmouth students go an entire term without being more than a mile from Vermont
Showing up to your 10a an hour late with nothing but a piece of paper
SigEp needs to stop trying to steal things from other Greek houses. It's getting old. 
Sigep: somebody point me to the best ass eater
Signs you're getting old: you wake up still drunk after having only 3 drinks over 12 hours ago.
Since when did YY turn into the admissions office? Idk if you'll get in if you have a 4.0, a 36 on your ACT and a 2400 on your SAT. Apply and find out. 
Sinjon is a perv 
Siri: "I don't understand what you said there." Too real. 
Sitting down on a toilet seat and not wiping it first. 
Sitting in collis wanting to cry
Sitting in my bed naked, eating microwaveable mac n cheese, and watching Netflix #15X
Skirts and cowboy boots 
Skunk near ABCDs
Slappa da bass mon!
Slapped a statue's ass . . . Call that rock bottom.
Sleep can wait until after graduation. Spend time with those who you care about
Sleep is a beautiful thing
Sleep is for the weak
Sleep sleep, wherefore art thou sleep??? Seriously
Sleep, thou art a cruel, illusive mistress... Maybe Shakespeare porn will help
Slept through my first class. Starting 15X off strong. 
Slightly bitter that weekends will be consumed with strategizing how not to starve. 
Slowest valedictorian speaker ever
Slytherin house is essentially an institutionalized terrorist training cell. 
Small-dicked boys, it's ok. As long as you have good foreplay, it's gonna be great! Dick up!
Smh at the Yale shirt guy on stage. #YuckFale
Smokes cigarettes but doesn't eat white bread. 
Snack fairies begin tonight  go Dartmouth on Purpose! 
Snail be like "two roads diverged in a wood and I -I took the one less traveled by" 
Snapchat tells me which one of my friends needs love. What about me, snapchat? WHAT ABOUT ME??
So I get that it's sort of cold but the windchill at one point last term was 90 degrees colder than this.
So I might have stayed up all night working on this project, but I think it was all worth it just to watch this sunrise. 
So I quit dipping...but now I have a pot problem. #yolo
So burger king in Japan has red and black burgers now, apparently they ran out of ideas and they're copying spongebob, what's next inflatable pants? 
So burned out after this year I hardly want to come back for sophomore summer. Maybe Dartmouth isn't the right place for me. 
So did everyone's power go out? Is there still power on the Green? 
So difficult to find a real relationship when you have trust issues...esp with hookup culture :/
So does this mean that gays are no longer 3/5 of a vote? I'm confused.
So done with Market Table. 
So drink
So emotional. Wishing I didn't give so much slack to the assholes on this campus. Thankful for friends. Permanently cynical about relationships. #ThanksHanlon
So everyone should go out tonight
So excited for 15X! *gets on Dartmouth Coach* who the hell are these people
So excited for next weekend! Can't wait to hang out with my old mates!
So excited to graduate!!! I'll always miss this place! Can't believe it's over. 
So excited to see my little Brothers and convince them to continue the legacy  
So fucked
So fucked for a midterm today, but on the bright side completed 2 of the 7 last night. 
So fucked for this rehearsal 
So happy I can still escape to Dart through yak. Especially now that the funny people are still on it. 
So how many Secret Service agents do you suppose are on campus now?
So if I bombard tungsten74 with 5 alpha particle waves, that would turn into gold right? 
So if it says "1 person is crushing on you" does that mean you have a match? Or just that some other student put your name down?
So if you enter a name for last chances and find out that you don't match, is there any way to undo entering the name??
So if you match with somebody y'all should smash, right amigo?
So is GDX the spot tonight for those of us still on campus?
So is RealTalk protesting today?
So is anybody else having problems with green print saying you need a software update? I really hate green print more than anything...
So kushed
So leaving stuff in the hallway is considered damaging the building and now I have to pay for it? I get the other stuff but come on!
So like why won't you text me back
So many attractive siblings. We have a great gene pool
So many hot sibs here rn
So many logistical nightmares, so few logistical dreams
So many other schools have a "Kink Positive" club. Why don't we?
So many wealthy families roaming around Hanover today. I wonder if I'm too old to be adopted...
So overwhelmed with this place that I almost forgot my sister's birthday. It's like like I forgot her, but every day this week is about what's due, not about being a real person. 
So people trying to go into wall st/finance: what is in it for you other than the money? Do you actually enjoy finance? Or is it just the money? (Nothing wrong with that.)
So sleep deprived and exhausted I could probably black out from one game of pong right now. At least I finished my final paper in time 
So sluggish this morning, I put shampoo on my loofah instead of body wash 
So the gym is closed Sat, right? But what about tomorrow? 
So thirsty for cuddles right now. What is happening to me?
So ummm, when is it gonna warm up like summer typically does?
So was there a car alarm last night or something
So we did a quick google search on you and we found naked pictures of you. We would like to let you know that our company... Thinks you have a slamming bod 10/10. See you Monday.
So when do these stop?
So where can I find myself a smart & caring Dartmouth hunk? 
So where is open for pong tonight?
So where's the scene tonight. 
So who else is watching Independence Day today/tomorrow? #heybabetheytalkinboutyhequake #daddyletmestayuptowatchletterman #DAVIDD #Shesgotathingfordolphins #russellwhatthehelldoyouthinkyouredoing!?
So why is foco full of old people and young boys
So you won't accept gays because of the bible. Well, I hope you don't wear torn clothes and practice premarital sex either. 
So...what now?
Sobbing on her pasta 
Some of the fucking bathrooms in this school are smurf sized.
Some of the staff at Market Table are bitchy as fuck. Wow
Some of us are still "it" from a childhood game of Tag.
Some rando just asked me to sign his arm. Welcome to 15X!
Some undergrads here are the worst at normal conversation. It's like they're constantly trying to market themselves & manage their professional image. Like, bitch save it for your LinkedIn profile 
Some white dude who's an alum came through reserves and told his daughter not to look at the murals cause they're "kind of mean"
Someone I suspect is a tuck bridge just came up to me and asked "where's the party at tonight?" - I think all participants in that exchange were embarrassed 
Someone changed the Hop marquee from Welcome President Hanlon to A Ton Of Penis Treats!! 
Someone is crying in the stacks. 
Someone just knocked on my door at 4am but I didn't fully wake up till they were gone, now I'm just curious
Someone needs to stop hitting snooze on their car alarm and just turn it off already. 
Someone please answer if LNC is open 
Someone shat in SigEp last night 
Someone shut this fucking fire alarm off please. Still tryina study here 
Someone streak econ 29. Silsby 028
Something I've gathered: rich girls wear white to high school graduation 
Sometimes I comment on yaks just to see what my symbol will be
Sometimes I daydream about giving it all up and becoming a handsome billionaire.
Sometimes I feel like E. coli grew up in a more nurturing culture than I did...
Sometimes I feel like giving up, and sometimes I'm like "fuck bitches get money"
Sometimes I feel useless but then I remember I breathe out carbon dioxide for plants 
Sometimes I get so nervous that I shriek a little as I press send.
Sometimes I go to the bathroom just to wipe my butthole after farting so much 
Sometimes I have hope for humanity, and sometimes I think about the Republican candidates for president. 
Sometimes I just want to rip stick away from my problems
Sometimes I like to not eat for a long time, or not drink/masturbate/shower/sleep etc. just so that way it's like waaaayyy better when I finally do
Sometimes I really like a person and want to build a relationship with them but I can't picture having sex with them at all.
Sometimes I spit lugis on the wall to pretend I'm toad from xmen.
Sometimes I wear a thong with a dress on a breezy day just to feel bold. 
Sometimes I wish I had a bad car pit crew to clean me so I didn't have to get out of bed to shower. 
Sometimes I wish our school did flash mobs 
Sometimes during finals week, I wear stretchy pants in my room. It's for fun.
Sometimes it frustrates me that I will only ever get to see one side of the moon. Also I can't roll my r's :/
Sometimes when I see tour groups I'm reminded, "wow, I go to Dartmouth." That is really fucking cool. 
Soo anyone wanna save grad seats for me?
Soo pumped that circle k is getting a beer cave
Soo when I said experience in quantitative research and proficient in this software on my resume, what I meant was I took a class or 2 at a liberal arts college...
Sooooo..... where u at senior week?
Soph summer is hard when you're missing someone who is never coming back...
Sophomore Summer is an incredibly confusing experience. 
Sophomore boys watch your beer belly 
Sophomore summer bucket list ideas?
Sophomore summer is sort of like sleep away camp but instead of counselors you have S&S trying to control you
Sophomore summer should be on the summer camp story on snapchat 
Sorority girl so Greek she needs a huge economic stimulus package. 
Sorry green mushroom we are counselors at the camp the girls are trying to get ice cream for. They are not allowed to have visitors or packages. Sorry for the inconvenience. 
Souley is working the Foco swiper. My day just got 10x better.
Souleyman referred to me as  "sleepy" instead of "boss".    -thanks hanlon 
Souleymane at Foco. I repeat: Souleymane at Foco. This is not a drill, boss.
Speaking from experience, sweating right after you shower is the worst thing that can happen to you 
Speed reading workshop. Get in a car, go to a city, drive really fast and try to read all the signs
Spoke to an alum. It's like they never grew up. How sad.
Spotted Darty license plate holder with bike on top of the car in New Haven...still sporty as alums
Spotted: two 18s reminiscing about the glory days of high school when they "started taking substances" and "ran all the fucks" 
Starbucks misspells your name on purpose so you post it to social media, thus creating free advertising 
Start lookin through someone's insta next thing you know you're on their cousins brothers wife's profile looking at pics from Rome 2008
Started having an anxiety attack after pulling an all-nighter to finish a final project. I give up. I'm just going to crawl in bed and listen to the Frozen soundtrack. Really need to just let it go. 
Started off the year with a goal to lose 5 pounds. Only 15 more to go. 
Started the night with some good 'ol pong with crush...ended up just hooking up with Tindr match 
Starting off the term by realizing how lonely I truly am... 
Staying at a hostel right now and the top yak is: "Looking for a foreign woman to tickle my fancy. Staying at jaegars hostel. Hmu if your down for anything and everything. If ur a dude, up for chats."
Staying overnight with a hookup because it's right next to your first class of the day 
Stepped on the scale and heard the Mario Party "neeeeeew record!"
Still at the airport
Still have a final and a paper left and campus has cleared out 
Still hungover 
Still shocks me how gross and inconsiderate some people can be.
Still so tired from finals that yesterday I pulled up to a stop sign and waited for it to turn green
Still trying to find my missing 8 for the sake of knowing. How many ppl used bots?
Stop drinking? Over my dad body
Stopped eating meat to be healthier. 1st meal decision since my healthy change: pizza 
Stress is driving me crazy. Looking for some rough sex..anybody interested?
Strips 15X lets go! 
Student Assembly is officially a joke
Studied till 3am, set alarm for 7pm on accident. Slept through final 
Studying for your final and finally understanding wtf the class was supposed to be about. 
Stuff to do with fam tomorrow?
Stuuuuuunt Jewse
Subtracting the total number of votes from the number of shown votes and dividing that number by 2 to see how many people downvoted your yak
Such a struggle to decide where to sit in the library
Sudden influx of Jewish studies majors
Suddenly horny in the library. Send help.
Summer break is just all sorts of fomo for what you could be doing if you were with your Darty friends 
Summer meetings are so small
Summer pickup line: I have AC.
Summer, if you like Hanover then you need to put a ring on it. We're just at this point in our lives where we need commitment and consistency
Sun God I'm better than you
Sun God is blasting that song from the scene where Arwen carries Frodo on her horse to Rivendell after being stabbed by the Ring Wraiths
Sun God makes me irrationally angry 
Sun God whyyyy
Supreme Court finally says "sure. Why the fuck not?" to marriage equality in historic ruling that states gay people are, in fact, people too.
Surprise fireworks :D 
Sweating is just a part of my life now and honestly I don't love it 
Sweet Jesus the tour group mom is hot
T- 1 week 
TFW it's reading period and your only sense of what day it is comes from the fact that the Hop is serving chicken bowls.
TFW your wife doesn't have dinner ready when you get home and then she "walks into a door".
TG for water-resistant fabric because the number of times I've spilled water/coffee on myself this week is too damn high 
THAT GOAL THOUGH
THE CLOCKTOWER FACES ARE LAVENDER!
TREATS
Tabard is the only house with summer rush... AD
Tabard, if you're going to plant trees in your backyard, then you should water them. They look dry.
Taco Tuesday on Crumbs
Taking a buzzfeed quiz on something I'm supposed to know really well, getting some wrong, and then refreshing the page to take it again to get a 100%. 
Taking two NyQuil so that you're well enough to go to class the next day, sleeping through class because you took two NyQuil 
Talking to students from other schools about MDF and watching their incredulous faces like "I KNOW". 
Teacher: "I asked you to draw a cow and grass, but I only see a cow. Where is the grass?" Me: "The cow ate it."
Texts from Last Night from Home: "I threw up in an Uber".
Tfw in the background of ex girlfriend's snapchat story there's a framed picture of you and her.
Tfw when you get a notification that your yak has reached 50 votes but is at exactly zero and you know you've reached the pinnacle of controversy.
Tfw you meet a cute girl two weeks before graduating...
Tfw your bra and underwear match and you didn't even plan it
Tgif everyone
Thank god for that dude that decides that he needs to mow right outside my window at 8am. You're the real MVP. 
Thank you SCOTUS for finally realizing that we should treat all people with basic human decency and equality. 
Thank you for sleeping with me all these years
Thank you last chances 
Thank you lil b the based god - lil b
Thank you so much, student loans. I don't know how I'll ever repay you.
Thank you to all who have given their live for the freedom that many of us, myself included, often take for granted. 
Thanks DDS. Because god forbid I eat on the day before a holiday
Thanks campus list serve for making sure my 15X fomo never goes away.
Thanks for the heads up Dean Ameer
Thanks for the pick-me-up mid-exam.
Thanks listserv mod, I will miss you too
That AZD grilled cheese though...
That awk moment when you post something nearby that you meant for your Dartmouth herd
That awkward moment when all my friends are with their boyfriends and I'm just over here eating an entire box of Mac n cheese by myself. 
That awkward moment when teamsnapchat sends a Father's Day vid and you don't have a dad...
That awkward moment when the wrong Student Assembly official resigns... 
That dirty feeling when you stalk somebody's fb pics all the way back to high school
That feeling when you use someone else's laptop and the keys are greasy 
That feeling when you were dancing with a girl at GDX and you saw your crush. . .
That feeling when you're leaving campus for the last time and you realize amidst all the craziness of today you had so many friends you couldn't find to say goodbye... 
That frozen freak out moment when you're pooping and someone knocks on the door.
That guy who decided to mow right outside my window before 8 this morning has me as irritated as an unwiped asshole
That last hour or so before an exam when you can't tell if you totally got this or you're totally fucked. 
That moment when snapchat tells you that your ex needs love and you're like "hah"
That moment when the top two yaks have a one vote different and you get to choose the top yak.
That moment when you are completely and utterly done with your roommate. 
That moment when you come back and you got a dawg in yo bed
That moment when you look into the toilet and think, "how the hell did that fit inside of me?"
That moment when you realize ad isn't a real frat anymore
That moment when you realize she's tryna do the 7 in one night and just thinking about the last three hurts
That moment when you realize you're actually old enough to legally watch porn
That moment when you realize your friends aren't supportive of who you are so you take steps to remove them from your life
That moment when you realize your trips shirt is actually your work out shirt.
That moment when you wake up at 7 because  you havd to be at work at 8, but You actually don't have to be there till 1pm #blessed
That moment when you're not sure if she likes you back <<<<
That moment when you're too tired to sleep but too tired not to eat. 
That moment you walk back into a class after being gone for 10 minutes and everyone knows you just took a big 
That one person you've never had a class with, never talked to.. but see all the time all over campus like I guess you're just part of my Dartmouth experience
That second goal was fiiiiillthhy
That time when you want cookie dough ice cream then you go downstairs and it's magically in the fridge and you're like oh my god yes my life has meaning again
That tinder hookup rebound where you actually enjoyed talking and hanging out with them but you know they don't want anything more so you just try to forget about them.
That up vote was all 4 you baby 
That was barbaric 
The 11's had Conan. We have...who?
The 15s leave and we chop a tree on the green. Who will speak for this tree?
The 19s have blitz accounts........
The Clinton event tomorrow is now being held at 12:30 at the bema
The Dart Dorm discount code lol
The Dartmouth-Princeton football series is currently tied 43-43-4
The EARS 5 prof looks like The grown up version ofTina from Bobs Burgers. 
The F-Table stands for the Fuck It All Table
The Keystone can rattles down a quiet Webster Av. like a tumbleweed in a desert town.
The Merriam-Webster definition of nude is "having the color of a white person's skin."
The Snapchat logo is the ghost of a white boy who texted "so what would u be doing if i were there rite now ;p"  
The TSA is the S&S of the real world
The U.S. Government has the proven ability to screen every single text message, email, phone call, Skype call,  and debit card purchase that you have made since 9/11. 
The YY scene is officially dead. See you next fall. 
The YY withdrawal that comes with a 17 hour flight though <<<<
The amount of times I've looked into the hop fridge without buying something is outrageous 
The angels, not half so happy in Heaven, Went envying her and me
The bagpipers have played. That makes it official. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good life. 
The banana ice cream at foco is dank af
The best part about ordering drunk EBAs is saving 2 slices for when you're hungover the next morning 
The best thing about being single is sleeping around... I mean left, right, center in this lonely bed of mine
The best things in life are free. Dartmouth cost me 252,000. 
The best way to cure insomnia: go to math class
The biggest risk I'm willing to take in my daily life is walking around with my iphone not in a case. And even then I felt guilt for being so reckless 
The birds are waking up just as I'm trying to go to sleep. Thanks Hanlon. 
The breakfast sandwich was the bomb 
The chairs are up on the green 
The chairs on the green are making graduation all too real too fast for me. 
The cheese rolling snapchat story..... Wtf
The current ratio of words written to split-ends removed is a solid 1:3
The default position of toilet seats should be up so fewer people pee on them
The fact that there's no one out right now sucks. It's 15X
The fastest moving land animal is your former hookup who spots you at Foco
The feeling of crawling into bed after 27 hours of no sleep >>>>
The feeling walking to a quiz you know you are gonna fail
The feeling when you realize that three terms left = 30 weeks = only 210 days 
The few, the proud. 
The first day of classes is so anticlimactic when you have no Tuesday/Thursday classes. 
The gaggle of matching sweater kappas that just rolled in to Novack is really rocking the ol mean girls look
The glove compartment isn't accurately named and everybody knows it. 
The good thing about wearing a dress is that I look nice and it distracts from the fact I haven't washed my hair in 3 days.
The guy assumes he will get action, but gets none. The girl assumes she will be lonely, but gets a ton of action. 
The hardest part about being this age at this school during election years is not knowing who to support because most of us actually have a pretty good shot of joining that .01% dems be hating on
The hardest part of my final this morning is going to be not yakking
The heater in river is still going hard... Cannot sleep at all
The heroes at the computer help desk just brought my my 15 page paper back from hell when my computer crashed... I'm so happy I might cry
The human body is a work of art. Only problem is, my crush is a Van Gogh, and I'm a kindergarten macaroni project.
The idea that girls periods eventual sync together - I have to say I find, like, super creepy 
The joy of getting your period after a month of unprotected sex
The kindest hearts have felt the most pain 
The lack of romance in your soul has made me gray. But I can't imagine wanting anyone else yet.
The last day the college gets to haze you - and it's with heat, not beer. And they say frats are inhumane.
The last minute before foco opens is the longest.
The library is so grim rn... Went to get a book and everything is closed and everyone is miserable. It's week one, da fuq
The listserv moderator from COSO said that (s)he'll miss me with 8 exclamation points in the "last day to use listserv" blitz, so I guess you could say things are getting pretty serious...
The long haul...I've been in it for a long time 
The members of the sphinx just threw water balloons at me and friends
The middle seat is your sentence for waiting too long to book
The moment when you get an new phone and your yakarma goes back down. Great, now I've accomplished nothing this year. 
The more pizza I eat, the less horny I am 
The motto of British drivers should be "Just because we don't drive on the right side doesn't mean we drive on the wrong side" 
The older I get the more I articulate I am at lying 
The one downside of YY over b@b is that you can't have people vote on things based on a/d/newsworthy
The only d I'm getting this term is on my exams
The only good part about my internship is taking a 15 minute poop and realizing I got paid $3 to do it. 
The only reason I attended my 10A today is so I could see you one last time.  But you skipped class :(
The only thing I'm good at is procrasturbating and wasting time. I've found my true calling. *Declares major*
The only think I want my future boyfriend to do is smoke with me, then for us to just listen to awesome music and smoke up again. And then have sex. That's it. Best gay relationship ever.
The only way to get over you is to hate you but I don't want to hate you. Why can't you just be nice?
The person working at the baker desk will always judge me when I walk through the library late at night to pee
The plague of hanging-from-tree-caterpillars is soon to be upon us 
The police at home have Ford Explorers now... This is terrifying
The ppl that work at the pharmacy at CVS could be nicer :(
The rain is making it so difficult for me to leave my room to go rage. 
The rain is the perfect weather to describe how I feel about leaving dartmouth today 
The real question is, has Nemo found himself? 
The real world needs Dartmouth Wednesdays 
The report yak option should huf ah horrundiosli spalt uption. 
The secret to being a good uncle is to tell my siblings/cousins that I think their kids are like 10x more smart, observant, & artistic than I think they are 
The sky is crying tears of sympathy for all the sad, tired young people below
The smell in these freshman dorms bringing back all the good memories. Though it's still rancid af.
The struggle between wanting to tell people you had the top yak, and not wanting them to know you yakked it. 
The struggle doesn't get more real than when your phone is dying and you have to choose between saving battery or using social medi......*phone dies*
The sun god needs to get a life...
The term is ending but I just keep meeting more cool people
The time in between the car alarms is like heaven. 
The toilet paper in the library feels as if I'm using a nail file to wipe my ass. 
The top yak back home only has 4 upvotes...
The top yak has 50 votes lol soft ass kids
The trouble is, you think you have time - Buddha 
The way I deal with my problems is by deferring them and making them future me's problems. #smartlikeafox
The way to a woman's heart is through her funny bone
The woman who yells at Dirt is almost as traumatizing as late night Novack lady 
The wormhole in my room is about to collapse guys. How do I keep it open
The worst part about being away from Dartmouth is constantly being thirsty but not having anyone around to quench that thirst...
The worst part about finals is having to leave at second base because you have 3 weeks of class to learn for your next exam. 
The worst part of having friends visit you at Dartmouth is not being able to sleep naked. 
The yaks in my hometown suck. Dartmouth is where all the good yaks are at.
The. Heater. Is. Still. On. In. My. Fucking. Room. 
There are 10 aires in the sigep basement......
There are a hundred reasons I chose Dartmouth but tbh one of the hundred reasons was that Nate Archibald might go here.  
There are at least 5 colleges here in Boston but Dartmouth top yaks still have more votes
There are flashtats on my face
There are now '19s in my Blitz contact list...
There are people who have never lived WITH electricity. God forbid our phones die for a few hours. 
There are so many MILFs on campus now bc of this lacrosse camp
There are so many occasions where I want to say "Don't you just hate when..." And then I realize I'm probably the only one with that problem.
There are two types of profs: those who make their crucial announcements in class and/or over email, and those whose classes I drop. 
There is a bottle of +30 proof alcohol inside my vagina @ now.
There is a certain kind of bond that forms between you and the person working next to you at the lib until the early morning hours
There is a county in California called Yolo County!
There is a fine line between being social and being an alcoholic
There is a fine line between being tan and looking like you rolled in doritos 
There is a special place in hell for people that do nothing for group projects and expect to get the same grade as those who work their butts off 
There is a special place in hell for people who cut the KAF/Hop lines 
There is a special place in hell for people who eat apples with their mouth open in the library
There is no species as arrogant as an Ivy League freshman 
There should be a no smoking policy in the basements. Not only was I exposed to cancer causing toxins but I also got a cigarette burn while dancing #notcool
There was a petition to get frank to step down and he doesn't even respond to it. Why wont he step down? 
There were a lot of times when I wanted nothing more than to leave Dartmouth and never look back. Now, with so little time, all I want is another term. Enjoy it while it lasts, don't be like me.
There's 4 blunts missing on campus 
There's a special place in hell for people who don't stop at crosswalks when it's raining.
There's a special place in hell reserved for those who promise to drive their friends to the airport in Boston but back out 4 hours before the flight leaves
There's nothing quite like closing 15 tabs in your internet browser after you turn in a project
There's nothing sexier than a girl who drinks 7 cups of water every day
There's nothing worse than being sick while home alone for the week
There's so fewer people in the libraries it constantly feels like a saturday morning
Theres this guy singing and playing a ukulele outside of novack and he's kinda the fucking bees knees
These Yik Yak Questions could be great alternative to surveys! #ThinkOnIt
These are hard times for dreamers 
These birds need to stfu
These couples that are still together after highschool scare me
These hhs kids are pissing me off with there snapchats of drinking on a school night 
They say great advances in technology are, at first, indistinguishable from magic. But for me, every piece of technology is sorcery. Idk how iPhones or wifi or TV or trains or cars or outlets etc work
They say twister is a game for all ages, but I think they mean only one age group at a time
Things I always want when I'm hungover: a collis smoothie. Things I can never get when I'm hungover: a collis smoothie 
Things I like: girl butts, neck kisses
Things learned in college: always double-check the dryer for that last sock.
Things might not work out with your date, but at least you'll get a new LinkedIn photo
This FUCKING REHEARSAL 
This adventure in Newark has been brought to you by the word ratchet
This car alarm is more than enough to justify a supervillain origin story 
This full bed is lonely compared to my twin XL...I think I'll get over it tho 
This is disgusting 
This is perfect wake & bake weather
This is the end of yak for me. Getting a new phone today, and graduating in a week and a half. no reason to try and get back to my yakarma. You've been good to me yik yak. So long.
This is the first time I have ever actually been 15 min early for the coach! Miracles do happen! 
This last week has been awful for my grades, my health, and my well being, but fuckin awesome for my yakarma
This little piggie went to the basement and emerged as a fully cured ham. 
This must be what the guy from "A telltale heart" felt like
This new yak loading symbol is gay
This school upsets me 
This term I'm off-campus without a meal plan so I've gone out for every single meal (healthy food mainly)...and I'm still on track to save about $300 compared to the cheapest DDS meal plan. Fuck DDS. 
This virus is killing me
This was the most upsetting night out and I am affiliated why did ppl turn down tonight 
This weather blows
This will probably get downvoted, but I don't care. People need to stop using the term PTSD so loosely.
This yak scene is grim
Those days when your bra fits just right 
Those pinwheels are nice 
Thoughts on circuit?
Three more weeks of Dartmouth 
Three yaks in the last 21 weeks in my hometown... 
Thx tdx
Time flies when you are throwing watches 
Time for a game of "Is it a Google interview question or shit my friends said while high?"
Time is a flat circle. A circle is a flat sphere.
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex. Except I don't have any time. And I don't have a Rolex.
Time to chainsmoke again
Time to go fishing. 
Time to snuggle
Time zones are amazing, it's a different time all around the world . For example, in some parts of the U.S. it's still 1960
Timonen just gave me the chills
Tip: any green print with a green light instead of red on the bottom of the sign in screen is working now
To Dartmouth: I AM ON BREAK! STOP SENDING ME EMAILS!
To all the "Profs" telling us to not worry about grades too much...MDF is to blame, YOU are to blame
To get up and workout or to go back to sleep
To get up and write paper due Monday- or to stay in bed until sophomore summer. Choices 
To people who have left campus: where are you right now? 
To the blonde SnS officer who provided my drunk ass an unlock last night, there has got to be some college policy we can violate while I'm here for my reunion!!
To the couple that was going to town on Dartmouth hall last night, barely 10ft away from 3 S&S officers. We salute you
To the girl that was asking me if I wanted to get it. I have no idea why I didn't say yes. Come back 
To the grill at the beach with a tampon string sticking out of her bathing suit: your tampon string is sticking out of your bathing suit.
To the guy who was just yelling behind midmass you scared the crap out of me when I just got out of the shower.
To the kid still working on finals in Novack who just saluted me as I left: good luck 
To the men and women whose primary social media existence revolves around selfies in the gym and doing hardo reps. That does not tell me you have a great body. It tells me you don't have a job. 
To the people holding spots in the stacks, I'm keeping an eye out. And if you're not back in a reasonable time, I'm moving your shit. 
To the people that blatantly knocked over the sign in front of the church on their way to tdx and didn't put it back...be better humans please 
To the people that streaked frat row last night...finals are in academic buildings, not Greek houses...but thank you for all looking sexy. 
To the people who wear vineyard vines - why?
To the people who went on European LSAs/FSPs : did you still have to pay Dartmouth tuition even when the target university was tuition-free (like in Germany)?
To the person that threw up blood in the bathroom - get help
To the person that yaked saying Dartmouth needed less Souleymane: you are a heartless wench
To the person with the green math notebook on the round table, it's been moved to the nearest shelf. 
To the stranger who ran up to me to invited me to play pong after I left the libs demoralized at midnight, you're awesome 
To the windooow //      To the wallll  \\            Till the  drips down my .           All these  crawl 
To those assholes who haven't reclaimed their spots in the lib by 12: Psa people are now taking them
To whoever ate my sushi in the biscoh fridge today: I hate you
To whoever's dart-bike that I "borrowed"from outside of novack last night, it's outside of novack. Sorry about that
Today I decided my 10 gets out early 
Today I saw a really hot streaker and it was super distracting...in a good way 
Today is the first time it's really set in how little time I have left here
Today it feels like I missed every opportunity to sit quietly instead of saying the wrong thing.
Today, I streaked three finals, marking my first experience with public nudity in college. It was liberating 
Toilet pic on skipple. True photography.
Told my mom I yakked about July 4th and now she's convinced I threw up with excitement about our nation's independence 
Tonight's scene was pretty meh right? 
Took my Adderall at 11, bought a sleeping aid specifically so I wouldn't be up all night, got so into my work that I kept going until 2 AM and forgot to take the sleeping pill, so... Here I am at 4:30
Top Yak has over 400 upvotes. I've never seen this.  It's intense.
Top vote in my town was two days ago and informs townsfolk of the naked man with a mole who is once again jumping in the lake 
Top yack in my town: "I just took a shower and now I have to poop :("
Top yak @now "i will shove your selfie stick up your ass I swear to god".....good to be back home NYC
Top yak at home is at 0, number 2 is at -1... Well there goes that distraction
Top yak in my hometown, posted three days ago: "do you ever just look at a guy's crotch?" Like yes, but shut up
Top yaks in my hometown are all posted by Dartmouth Students 
Trail mix? You mean m&ms with obstacles. 
Travelling to and from dartmouth is easily the most inefficient process in existence
Treat her so good, she can't leave.
Tried to check out a library book but it already has a boyfriend
Truly, we are never more alive than when finals are trying to kill us
Trying so hard to resist the urge to self harm. Ugh. 
Trying to get a popcorn kernel out withy tongue, and feeling like a flipped over turtle
Trying to hack my moms email to try and find my Netflix password 
Trying to resist the urge to look at my pics of the ex but it's hard :(
Trying to send an actual flitz during survey season feels like having a yard sale on Black Friday
Trying to snuggle with your girl but she just wants to yik yak
Trying to stay up to keep my metabolism going so I'll wake up less hung over, but I still realize that this lifestyle is a blessing and a privilege
Tryna hit up every bathroom stall I love before I leave campus 
Tuck bridge people want to go out? 
Tuck guy I was dancing with at TDX when my friend ditched - come back to me 
Two hours late.... Losing my vote 
Two monks are casually walking through campus. Is this what Saturday mornings are like?
U either drink long enough to see yourself become a villain, or blackout a hero
US Supreme Court rules same sex marriage legal. Good job, America. This sort of capacity for positive change is why we love you so much.
Ugh now I want donuts. Thanks YY refresh up-scroll
Ugh! I want to know who's crushing on me!!
Ultimate Hanover scavenger hunt?
Ultimate omen that the universe is in my favor and things are going to go great for me today.
Unagi.
Uncle and Aunt just bought their plane tickets for 2016 graduation and asked me what there's to do around Hanover...?
Unfaithful asshole (ex)boyfriends, sobbing into my pasta, thirsty as hell. Make this world better 
Unless you fell on the treadmill, nobody cares about your workout
Unplug on purpose...? You've gotta be kidding me Dartmouth on Purpose...I just spent 8 hours unplugged! 
Up if you're still working on that one last paper 
Up voting my own yak cause I need that confidence boost rn
Upvote if there's actually someone on this campus who you would like to regularly hook up with or even date.
Upvote if you are NOT a virgin.
Upvote if you're a prof on yikyak.
Used my DBA to buy everyone Gatorade because this campus really needs some thirst quencher.
Vox daily still rolling in
WHATS IN THE BOX?!?!?!
WHERE IS LAST CHANCES 
WOOOOHOOOO 'MURICA
Wait has financial aid came out yet? 
Wait how and when do we get keys for interim rooms? 
Wait till AD's lawyers hear about this 
Wait...she was our Vice President?
Wait.are they playing party in the USA? #sleepingatthechoates
Waking up and wanting every grill
Waking up to two responses to the flitzes I must have sent last night. And so it begins!
Walk into Dartmouth hall dressed warmly and fully clothed... By the time you reach the top, almost naked and sweating bc air conditioning didn't make the cut for MDF
Walked into Canada, accidentally got a degree in international relations from Cornell. 
Walked into the library, opened my computer, and porn started playing out loud that I was watching last night. I ran out as fast as I could... Looks like I'll start studying tomorrow 
Walked out of the shower feeling dirtier than when I walked in. Probably should've waited till it wasn't in use. 
Walking into an alum reunion to get free food.
Want to check how much DBA I have left but don't want to see how much I spent at late night last night 
Wants to turn lock screen passcode off, but I'm too much of a little bitch
Warning: I saw a girl cough all over the coffee lids at Collis
Warning: strips has landed. Prepare for smell. 
Was coaching a soccer camp tday and during a water break 3 kids stood under a tree looking up for 5 minutes occasionally shaking it... When I asked, they said they were looking for Pokemon 
Was interested in girl, girl turns me down, girl now talks to me every day making it harder and harder to move on. Why are you doing this to me? 
Was on yik yak so long I had to pee again once I got to the bottom of the list ... Good thing I didn't move ;)
Was really excited that Dartmouth Secure is finally working only to find out that Canvas is broken. Get your shit together, Dartmouth. 
Was that flirting? I think that was flirting... I'm not sure.  Send a more obvious signal please.
Watched first 2 minutes of gossip girl, heard "dartmouth is my first choice," confirmed show as summer Netflix binge watch series of choice.
Watched my crush walk across that stage, and hopefully out of my life forever. Painful, but for the best. 
Watching House with mom and aunt when a mild sex scene starts so they complain about modern shows and awkwardly shuffle out of the room. Should I confess I watch watch orange is the new black?
Watching all your straight friends getting into relationships and just sitting there like <<<<<<
Watching finding nemo by myself on a Friday night
Watching the AD 17s move out is really sad. Yet another hit to the Greeks
Watching the river roll by knowing  15X is going to be good
Watching the strides of pride. 
Watching this class being taught outside Dartmouth hall laugh with their cool prof from my dungeon high up in Math 22. 
Watching tooth brush innuendo. You should watch it too ;)
Watching tv alone is a real special feeling 
We all have an inner porn star that shines through when we stretch 
We elected the biggest joke of a team to the SA, gr8 job everyone
We found dove in a soapless place 
We gotta stop w the hopelessness in the yak scene. I have 2 STEM finals back to back but two days and then ITS FUCKING SUMMER LEST WE FORGET 
We have school on Saturday. 
We like each other and hang out and talk and hookup but how do I start conversations about more meaningful things that matter to us? I want to really know him 
We read the streak requests on Yik Yak and we're waiting on the other side of that door 
We should use this resignation as a reason to hold a recall election for FC.
We'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American wayyyyyy!
We're living in the dark age of Dartmouth. Because you can't search old Yaks, Dartmouth will lose its institutional memory. The '25s will never know how annoying KDEs were or how hard SAEs tried. 
We've got the Loose Moose sighting near Collis. Patrons beware, do not use flash photography. 
Wearing a dress in anticipation of the hot sun, but I have to say I am freezing my ass off at the moment. 
Weed is tighttttt
Weirdest thing I've seen all week, victim blaming related to the Charleston murders. There was 9 of them and "one skinny guy with a gun." They "waited to be shot"
Weirdest thing you've masturbated to/with: 
Welcome July!
Well i wanted you but I guess it will have to wait
Well the Sun God freak show started early today. 
Well ther verdict is in and the 79s are way funner  than the other grades
Well, at least now that I've put on some weight, I'm finally heavy enough to donate blood.
Welp, I know have three exes who have been to jail. Man, I need to make better decisions
Welp, I managed to make the last time talking to you excessively awkward.
Went out with a group of friends. They all hooked up with people and I went home alone. #classic
Went to say something was 'the bomb' and YikYak complained about my language to me.
Went to the grocery store on an empty stomache. I am now the proud owner of aisle 7. 
What I don't want my friends to see: internet history, texts to girls, yik yak posts
What I learned this term: LBJ was basically a TDX
What I've learned so far 15x: I'm absolutely on the right track to becoming a SWUG
What a beautiful day it is to cry about school
What a great day! Congrats everyone! Now bring on 15X and sophomore summer. 
What a travesty 
What are people on campus during this interim before summer term begins doing? I'm so bored.
What are people's 4th plans? I want to be social but all of my friends have different things going on 
What are some hidden gems of Netflix? I need a new show.
What are the "must see" spots/places around Dartmouth and Hanover? 
What are the answers? That's a secret I'll never tell. You know you hate me. Xoxo, Finals. 
What are the best dimensions for a pong table? 
What are the people on interim till summer term
What camps are here this week?
What color does a smurf turn if you coke it? 
What did Hope Solo do?
What dining places are open today?
What do I do if one of my teachers still hasn't submitted a grade...
What do lesbians and straight men have in common? Other than the obvious
What do u think is the girl to guy ratio on yik.. I'm thinking 5:1 in favor of girls??
What do you think the percentage of seniors is that show up late/not at all to this "mandatory" rehearsal tomorrow at 8:45?
What does a grade with an asterisk next to it mean?
What does it mean when your casual hookup kisses you on the forehead?
What does the We C.A.R.E. on the athlete bracelets stand for?
What food is open today/for interim?
What happened to AD?
What happened to KDE? Why are they in trouble 
What happens if we flunk a course that is a prerequisite for another course that we already signed up for?
What happens to blitz after you graduate? 
What if God was one of us?
What if Voldemort is always mad because he always loses at nose goes?
What if a pregnancy test just said:  \_()_/
What if all these gov surveys are one big gov survey about when and why people respond to gov surveys?
What if plankton from spongebob had two eyebrow 
What is Last Chances and why is it not coming out?
What is grades? Rigor don 't taunt me, don't play me no more. *head bobs computer, screen shatters along with my soul. 
What is love?
What is the chance I will get laid during the summer if I have AC in my room?
What is the title of the book directly in the middle of your bookshelf?
What is this virus/sickness and how do I get rid of it?
What is your most hated emoticon?
What percentage of students do you think tend to be hung over at commencement?
What song should i bump through town
What study spots will be open this weekend? I want to hang, but I've also got shit to do
What the f*ck...why did a moose just walk past my window? 
What time do the cash for book stands open?
What time does Collins pasta open?
What time does kaf open on Saturdays?
What to talk to people I'm interning with about when Dart isn't fair game
What types of jobs do Dartmouth grads with low GPAs (3.0 or lower) typically get?
What's a bold first text from a girl to a guy 
What's a chafe?
What's happening at Goldstein these days?
What's happening on the green right now?
What's it like to live in Switzerland? Answer: I don't know but the flag is a big plus
What's line for takeoff
What's on my mind? Chipotle.
What's the average CS major gpa? 
What's the deal with hacktown?
What's the funniest yak you've ever seen?
What's the hottest way a girl can subtly flirt with a guy? That still sends the message
What's the line like at kaf right now? 
What's the smallest number of people that anyone has on last chances? 
What's the value of an English major? I'm collecting responses for my parents
What's up yakers, Looking for a new group of friends to party with. Anyone?
When DegreeWorks is all green
When Friday classes are the last thing you want to go to
When I die I wanna be thrown out of a plane wearing a superman costume
When I got in my freezing shower in the River at 3am after studying for my week 9 midterm, I learned the true meaning of academic rigor 
When I grow up I wanna be a trophy husband...
When I tell this to my grandchildren, I will make it sound like a funny story about college. 
When a black person I've never met on campus passes by me and we nod at each other. 
When a friend back home describes something as rigorous I just had to leave. Like please. 
When a girl puts her hand on your arm during casual conversation, that's when you know you're in
When a little makeup and a cute outfit makes your horrible morning just a little better 
When all of the top yaks for the past two days are clearly reposts.
When all ur friends are raging but ur too bloated from so many burgers + beers
When all you want are a pair of Ray-Bans for the summer but you're a student and cant afford them.
When and where are the fireworks tonight?!?
When are final grades coming out?
When are medians out usually? 
When are people starting to drink today
When are senior grades due? I'm convinced my ditzy prof is just going to forget to do it for 1 of my classes 
When bae brings you back oysters 
When couples work out together and start making out in the gym...No, please don't. 
When do last chances start?
When do median grades come out?
When do senior grades come out?
When do underclassmen have to be out of dorms 
When does KAF open?
When does Novak open today 
When does last chances end? 
When every party and tails has the slight smell of body odor 
When for some reason you set your alarm for 8 when the exam begins at 8..... <<<
When frequenting Foco my regret is that I have but one stomach to fill
When girls fake an orgasm, do you fake the muscle contractions too or do you not bother?
When girls in the library have in cute dresses and perfect make up and I'm just here looking like the creature from the black lagoon...
When internships are like, "please  have prior internship experience."  
When is HC starting?
When is Mat Kearney performing at the beer garden? 
When is peak Yak?
When it asks you to "type the text you see here" but you can't because you're not actually a human 
When my workout routine for the week consists of walking up and down the stairs in the stacks to grab food from KAF
When naked in single and hears a knock...*goes silent, turns off lights, hides under bed, stops breathing*
When one person takes up a four person table with all their papers and books
When people take the elevator to the second floor 
When pooping in a stacks bathroom you're just praying that someone of the opposite sex isn't waiting to use it
When profs put XKCD comics in their ppt 
When she gives great head and you don't know whether to be happy or suspicious
When she says go deeper, but you're out of poems...
When she says go lower, but you're already -100 on DBA
When someone acts all nice to u in person, but then you see they unfollowed u 
When someone talks shit on Facebook about homosexuality and you call them out on their so called facts and they can't defend themselves so they block you. Good I don't need that shit. 
When someone tries the bathroom door, and even though you know you locked it; you double checked; super glued the hinges; put cement sealer in the frame; even then, you still have a mini heart attack.
When strangers push you out of the way to get on the subway.... Missing Hanover and it's few stoplights  already
When the best thing at EBA's is the cheesecake which also happens to be the only thing they don't make
When the caffeine pill wears off in the middle of a final<<<<<<
When the comment your comment just humiliated gets voted of so yours makes no sense...
When the girls you're friends with says you're attractive and s good catch, yet no girl on campus wants to date you. 
When the inspiration for your paper comes from the wise words of Gucci Mane
When the person you once cared so much about and still deeply care about despite everything won't say bye before he leaves or wish you well on graduation 
When the temperature jumps above your test scores... 
When the vending machine don't take card and you have no dolla bills or coins
When their greatest contribution to the world was America
When two people are taking up the whole sidewalk and you're trying to pass them like move bitch get out the way
When u feel a single bead of sweat drip down your side 
When u tryna to sleep but too trippy geekin
When ur hungry but realize every dds establishment is closed for the next hour
When you Lou's challenge but forget that the doors open at 7 on weekends, not 6
When you NRO the wrong class...
When you and bae are up all night for none of the good reasons <<<<<<<
When you and your friend are the only upperclassmen at a frat basement....
When you are so hungover that just looking at a screen makes you slightly nauseated and you're just like, "I did this to myself."
When you block someone on your phone but their messages still come through on your computer
When you can bring one sheet of paper to a final
When you can't "waste band boner flip" cause your shirt is tucked in < 
When you come back from a good shit and the bowl is still packed.
When you finally go to sleep without an alarm and your body is still like, "Up a seven, right?" 
When you find someone you might actually like with a week left in spring term. 
When you flitz someone, they say yes, you fb stalk them, but then have to pretend you know nothing about them...
When you force shut down your pc and you feel like you're choking it to death... 
When you fuck up with the girl you're in love with at formal
When you get all three classes > 
When you get an email from faceless power
When you get home at 2 with an Ebas pizza and a thrones episode in hand... let's fucking go
When you get so hot that you sweat buckets, then the sweat dries and you're freezing 
When you get to work later than usual, but no one else is there, so you can pretend you got there early and leave early
When you get your diploma and spent the next day trying to sneak up on and scare your dog 
When you go home for the summer and Yik Yak is a wasteland of disappointing and misspelled jokes. Thanks high schoolers. 
When you go see Jurassic World remember there are people who think fossils were made by Satan to trick you into believing in evolution.
When you go to office hours but wait an hour to get your turn.
When you had a night like I did, it's definitely a stride of pride, no shame here ;)
When you have class at 8 am tomorrow but go out anyway 
When you have more makeup on your neck than on your face
When you hear from your ex after not talking for couple months, does it mean anything
When you know so little that there's no point in even going to the exam review session <<<
When you know the TA has a crush on someone in the class... Should you tell them?
When you know your paper due today is a piece of  but ain't nobody got time to fix it 
When you like what someone is saying at an event back home so you start snapping and everyone looks at you like you're crazy.... Guess I'm not at Dartmouth anymore :(
When you live in the Fayes and have to pay money because someone in the cluster smeared poop on the wall...
When you live so far away that you decide to eat cookies for breakfast rather than make the walk. 
When you look at the clock and realize that there aren't enough hours in the day to finish on time.
When you match with someone on last chances not because you actually want to hook up with them but because you were trying to figure out who put your name in
When you meet an awesome girl and connect right away and talk all night then you see that she has a boyfriend from back home on facebook <<<
When you meet your friend's parents for the first time and you're like, "ah, this explains everything"
When you overhear people discussing your yak 
When you put your schlong inside of her, thats how you know you're in. 
When you realize flick of da wrist is just a song about playing Wii games
When you run into a never-ending amount of someone's relatives and pretend you're bff when you usually only say hi to them on ffb
When you run into a past hookup even though it's sophomore summer... And neither of you are sophomores. 
When you run into last night's hookup at dicks house 
When you say goodbye to your friends for the summer at the bus stop, then trudge back to the library to keep studying 
When you see an article on your newsfeed and you're like "haha The Onion is great!" But then it's from an actual news site...
When you see another grill on campus and you're like, DO YOU EAT?? 
When you see drunk sent snapchats and you have to wonder what u sent...
When you see someone that always looks perfect looking disheveled. Finals are the great equalizer everyone. 
When you slam off a twist off
When you snapchat someone and they respond 2 hours later, but you forget what you said so their response makes no sense
When you stand up, where does your lap go?
When you stock up on unripened avocados at collis to use up dba and prepare great salads for the week ahead and they all ripen at the same time. 
When you take her shirt off and find a third boob >>>
When you try to get to the library early to get a good spot, but they're all saved from the night before<<<<
When you try to go to bed early and your reward is to sleep poorly, have nightmares, and wake up in a pissy mood. <<<
When you try to go to the library at 9 am on a Saturday but it's closed for summer hours 
When you try to sneakily take a picture on your phone only to find out that the sound is on. 
When you wake up after blacking out really proud of yourself for booting in the trash can but then you realize that you made it to the clean laundry basket
When you wake up so refreshed that you're 100% sure you slept through your classes
When you walk of shame home at 6:30am and see people with backpacks going to the library
When you're already wondering who on your floor will be dtf...
When you're doing something super annoying in public and you aren't called out on Yik Yak, those are true victories 
When you're feeling sucky but the only person who can comfort you is across the country. 
When you're having conversation with someone and feel the urge to reach out and pop that pimple on their nose
When you're licked before you begin and you begin anyway 
When you're on yik yak and everyone's throwing shade at kde and you're just trying to throw shade at the patriarchy 
When you're on your way to KAF and someone spontaneously asks if you want to use their DBA 
When you're prairie dogging and all the stalls are occupied. 
When you're so horny you consider asking the EBA's guy to your room like in some cheap porno. 
When you're so sexy the bad wets you
When you're so tired from working C&R that you fall asleep when you close your eyes during an orgasm..
When you're the first to use the toilet after it's cleaned. Small blessings.
When you're trying to focus on your work but all you can think about is wild sex with your floormate.
When you're trying to masturbate but mom won't stop texting you
When you're walking home in formal attire and everyone gives you that knowing smile. 
When you're wearing a flowey dress and u make it from class to class without flashing anyone 
When you're wide awake because your bfs alarms keep going off and he hasn't moved an inch.....
When your 7 hours of sleep becomes a 7 minute nap
When your bf brings you chicken tenders in bed after a night playing pong :D
When your boyfriend takes wine breaks while eating you out 
When your class decides to move to the steps of dart hall and you remember what probably happened last night.... 
When your ex stoops so low that he stalks you on LinkedIn what do you do?
When your folders are almost falling apart as much as your life is
When your fourth year anniversary coincides with your first chance to get married
When your friends at home bet a Ferrari against a restaurant and you're sitting here without DBA for food
When your girl asks "what are we?" hit her with the "we are farmers bumbadabumbumbumbumbum"
When your grandma assumes every boy you talk to is your future husband...
When your health is on the rise the last 2 wks of the term because your diet is exclusively stolen fruit from FoCo
When your hookup texts you and you go to his frat but he is too tired to hookup when you get there and leaves with friends instead 
When your last college exam that you totally didn't study for is a lay up 
When your outfit is on point but it's interim so no one is here to see it and no one cares about you because you're alone as hell
When your parents bring you back Absinthe from their business trip to be cool, and you curse MDF for denying such awesome potential nights out 
When your period, coffee and Foco team up to give you the shittiest shits #EmotionallyScarred 
When your phone is at 1% so you charge it to 10% and decide that's enough and then you go back to 1% and the cycle continues
When your prof changes the exam to a take home >>>>>>>
When your resting bitch face is 100x more attractive than your smiling face 
When your room is hotter than Satan's ass so you slept on the floor hoping it'd be cooler lower down
When your short spandex are so tight that, for a fleeting moment, you get a thigh gap for the first time in years 
When your upvote to downvote ratio is strong and it's like, are you okay, downvoter? Bc we all seem to agree that this is hilarious. 
When your yaks are so good people think they're reposts.
When's my 12 page final paper due? Hell if I know
When/what is the last chance dance?
Whenever I feel myself connecting with someone, I find a way to ruin it. 
Whenever a grade is above the median 
Whenever someone asks me what my major is, my answer is always "CS" followed by nervous laughing and wondering if I made the right decision.
Whens graduation
Where and when will Clinton be speaking?
Where are people getting their cords for grad?
Where are the fireworks coming from?
Where are you right now?
Where can I donate clothes, shoes?
Where can I donate random toys I have?
Where can I meet other lesbians on campus? I've recently started coming out and have no clue how to do so
Where can one purchase kool aid on campus 
Where did all of the yaks go?
Where did the sex education question go? 
Where do I store my stuff on campus between now and sophomore summer???
Where does the second "o" come from?
Where is everybody 
Where is everyone getting their professional pic from getting their diploma??
Where is the 15 scene tonight?
Where is the Clinton event? Did it start? Anyone know where to find info? 
Where is the concert tonight?
Where is the food? Please respond
Where is this music coming from?
Where my herd at
Where people complain about the temperature outside no matter what it is
Where should I move after graduation? 
Where the fuck can I get something to eat with Dba at this hour? Ridiculous there's nothing open at 3pm
Where the other alum kids at?
Where the party at
Where the wifi is 1000% more reliable, copying isn't the most complicated process ever, and printing single-sided in color isn't a sin. 
Where we suppose to get food at?
Where'd all the good parking go-o-o
Where's FC's campaign team? #academicrigor #cantdownvote
Where's sun god? 
Where's the music coming from
Wherever you go and whatever you do after dartmouth, just remember to always keep it 3hunna 
Which 16's made last chances?
Which book buyer on Main St. pays more?
Which frat rooms have AC? Need to know so that I know who to hook up with
Which male society are each of the canes? 
Which secret society had the canes that looked like dildos?
While I sometimes become very frustrated with how much Dartmouth has changed because of the administration, the people here make me so happy and I feel very blessed to be here.
While we're at it, fuck Penn amirite? #It'sAlwaysShittyInPhiladelphia
Whittemore second floor. Rager
Who are the valedictorians?
Who else almost never studies in the library?
Who ever has the black Audi near EBAs watch out the cops are looking at your car with flash lights and waiting for owner
Who is still up? Let me know so I can say a prayer for you cause we need all the help we can get. 
Who is that '17 who is literally camped out in the periodicals for six full days straight every finals period?
Who is the beer garden band?
Who is the freaky deaky whose crotchless panties are lying on the Green?
Who needs Grad seatS I got you 
Who needs an alarm when there's the sun god
Who reads the course evals...? Administration or the profs? 
Who started calling them grills first? And why?
Who the fuck is sawing at midnight ?
Who the hell takes a crap and then thinks "Hey you know what would be fun? Smearing my poop all over this wall!" 
Who wants to do something crazy with me tonight 
Who wants to meet up and trade blow jobs tonight 
Who's Bema
Who's going out tonight? ;)
Who's got cocaine
Who's open for food?
Who's playing on the green tonight?
Who's up and horny
Who's up for reunions? Where the 10's at?
Who's whom?
Whoever is blasting Showtunes with their window open in either gile or streeter: 1. Youre obnoxious and 2. You have terrible taste (read: bad mainstream).
Whoever it is that can't make popcorn properly, fuck you. 
Whoever keeps setting the fire alarm off at hitchcock, learn how to cook popcorn! It cooks for 2:30!!
Whoever lost a blackberry curve by baker (you sellout you) please let me know, just found it on the ground 
Whoever moved stuff off lib tables - please be kind and say  where  you put it. 
Whoever's car alarm went off outside Ripley for 2 hours straight at 8 am go suck a fat one
Why I hate being a girl: I break out the week before and during my period, takes a week for the acne to heal, spend one week with clear skin, then repeat. So I'm ugly 3/4 of the time.
Why am I here and not climbing Mount Everest 
Why am I not asleep. I burned so much time today and have nothing due tomorrow whY AM I NOT ASLEEP
Why am I on the fucking listserv I'm not a fucking sophomore 
Why am I subconsciously attracted to emotionally unstable women. 
Why are my nipples so visible through multiple layers of clothing
Why are no late night options open 
Why are people outside the masses so loud right now. It's almost 5 am.
Why are there 10000 kids in Novack? 
Why are there no fireflies in Hanover?
Why are they playing the background score to "A Fistful of Dollars"
Why date me? Well, first, I don't have Ebola. Reason #2, I'm a below average lover so vaginal tearing is unlikely. Reason 3, you'll get attention @ family bbq when people ask "why are you dating him?"
Why did I just get catcalled by two dartmouth maintenance guys???
Why did I take modern Islam??????
Why did SHE step down?
Why did some people have the little green ribbon at graduation?
Why did the bell tower sound like it just had a stroke
Why did the sperm cross the road? Because it's the first time I've jacked it in a week
Why didn't I major in underwater basket weaving 
Why didn't last chances happen in the winter when everyone was cold, reclusive, horny, and depressed?
Why do I always miss seeing all the sexy naked bros? 
Why do I only ever have one-night stands? 
Why do all these white dude alums have Asian wives? 
Why do guys cheat when they have someone even his friends tell him he's lucky to have
Why do military men shave their head but military women don't?
Why do people always think math majors are awkward? We're great at integrating. 
Why do profs post the low score when doing grade distribution?  It doesn't affect my interpretation of my grade too much and probably just makes that person feel worse
Why do rappers keep reminding you of who they are through the song 
Why do so many people on this campus struggle to flush the toilet?
Why does Greenprint have such a hard time with some PDFs?
Why does Tabard have to have the industrial sized jackhammer going full speed exactly during my sleep in time?  Be considerate and wait til 1pm
Why does Topliff 1 smell like a decomposing body and//or ass
Why does Topliff 1 smell so bad?!
Why does everyone here try so hard to be perfect? All day everyone's signaling "I'm super smart, I'm super rich, I'm the best at sex, I'm the most attractive, I'm super special." Like give it a rest
Why does he have to be jealous? We are not a "thing"! 
Why does no one else use venmo outside of Dartmouth??
Why does the degree have to be in Latin? Harvard's is in English. 
Why does the glass on the front door to Collis have cracks in it?
Why doesn't America have any knock knock jokes? Because freedom rings 
Why don't DBA fairies appear earlier in the term?
Why has Gov 20 (federalism) dropped in half? Now it is only 17 enrolled while last week it was almost full at 35
Why haven't I seen pictures of the moose on the loose?? 
Why is Collis closed an hour before its suppose to close (on their website)???!!!!
Why is Dartmouth public and secure broke?
Why is Dartmouth secure so crappy in foco?
Why is dorm keycard access limited?
Why is it so damn hard to just be friends with a guy? Like chill if I ask you to get lunch I'm not going to eat your face or hump your leg. I literally just want to get to know you.
Why is it so not okay to be not okay here?
Why is it that the people you care about most could care less about you, and the people you don't care about wont go away?!
Why is novack closed
Why is the library closed. This is bullshit. 
Why is town so fucking empty on a Friday night
Why no outrage over Hope Solo's domestic violence and abuse?
Why oh why can't I make the default go to my herd instead of nearby. I hate YY outside of Dartmouth
Why people hating on KDE so much
Why stay in dorms when you can just buy/rent a house where you have control of heat/what's in it(alc, drugs), ac, power, etc...
Why the fuck am I awake
Why won't my hookup ask me to formal? :(
Why would you ask your girlfriend to come hang out and then leave to play pong with another girl in front of her?
Why. Just why.
Why/how did "420" become associated with weed? 
Wiener wiener wiener wiener wiener (to the tune of game of thrones theme)
Will someone streak my take home final?
Will the loudest human in Novack please shut up, I repeat, will the loudest human in Novack please shut up
Will the real yak scene please stand up
Will there be a sunrise hike over summer term?
Will this be covered on the exam? No. *leaves*
Wind ensemble rocks 
Winner of  game tonight:
Wish I was still at school so I could order EBAs and not get hardcore judged by my family 
Wish I were at EDC now 
Wish our yaks were as cool as Dartmouth's
With 2 weeks left of freshman year...I finally played my first game of pong. #thannever 
With a custom electric ignition mechanism and three different heating settings for different meats, im not like most grills baby 
Woke n boke
Woke up 7 mins before my 5am coach. Gods were with me today
Woke up and cried because I thought it was already Thursday. Cried tears of joy when I realized it was only Wednesday. Wore myself out crying and went back to sleep. 
Woke up fully clothed in my bed with a cookie in my pocket, 'cause I'm an adult..? 
Woke up next to a . Wtf where did I get a ?
Woke up this morning with a cup of water and a note next to my bed saying "for hungover me." I took a sip and it was vodka. Drunk me is such a jerk. 
Woke up today and decided I was tired of being a lesbo
Women weed n weather
Women's US soccer team making us proud!! World Cup finals here we come!!
Words that rhyme with cartwheel?
World Cup semi final teams: Japan, England, Germany and America. Not sure if this is WWII or the women's World Cup 
Worst night of sleep this term  too hot
Worst part about being tall?  Making awkward eye contact over bathroom stalls.
Worst part of the black out is having the time on my music dock reset and not having a clue how I set that up in the first place...
Would professors be lenient if someone falls very ill during finals week? 
Would the administration frown on a Dartmouth College fight club? I'm tryna fight you guys. 
Would you like it if a girl bought you flowers?
Would you rather be an A side employee at a B side firm or a B side employee at an A side firm? 
Would you rather have a 6 pack or a 6 pack?
Would you send your kids to Dartmouth?
Wow, I am really disappointed that someone took my only pair of lulu leggings from my laundry in mid mass. They're my sisters', and were very expensive. Thanks a lot. 
Wowza, never been so exhausted. 
Write a Dr. Seuss rhyme on Yik Yak, fuck yeah, go Dartmouth
Writing a paper on educational inequity and its making me so angry. The system is broken.
Wtf I bought bottled water from Novak vending machines while blacked out last night
Wtf that last game of thrones was so disappointing. 
Wtf, we have such an attractive campus. I feel hypersexual just looking at y'all... Or is that just my ovulation at work
XD (formerly Tridelt) knows their new letters are an emoji right? Sorry if we've already talked about this...
Y can't u c that I'm the one who understands u been here all along so y can't u c u belong with me u belong with me have you ever thought just maybe u belong with me
Y no late night? What Dartmouth, you think we no drunk anymore or has to eat? You think we go to lnc because we're up late studying?!?!
YY at home is so bleak I just troll the shit out of everyone #basecamp
Yak is a ghost town rn. 
Yak is so sad right now.. Gonna miss you '15s 
Yak needs more topical movie quotes or passages. Not just mean girl (tho more mean girls is good), but also other awesome movies
Yak scene worse than my hometown. 
Yaking from Japan. 
Yaks back home are so weak, who am I supposed to yak about my poops to?!
Yaks looking grim.
Yas
Yeah I kinda forgot that I have to do work this summer
Yeah bitch I was on Yik Yak. I gotta keep this thing fuego
Yeah fuck corporate recruiting! But can someone lend me a blazer I need to look good for Bain. 
Yeah scotus! Now I just need to find someone who wants to marry me. 
Yeah sometimes the guy can be too nervous to make the first move, please girls help us out.
Yes FOAM, please do construction outside my room at 8am. It's not like I'm leaving in 2 weeks and it's almost finals week, no I don't need sleep
Yes, I am going to stare at you if you are smacking gum, chewing loudly or cough like you have the plague.
Yesssss no crumbs email today
Yesterday at graduation meeting friends parents, on the outside:            on the inside: 
Yesterday you said tomorrow
Yik Yak
Yik Yak in my hometown is basically illiterate
Yik Yak is less active than I thought it would be with my herd (ne base camp)
Yik Yak refresh animation is like ultra stereotyping what dads like 
Yik yak back home is stupid AF forreal.
Yik yak has never been so boring at Dartmouth due to finals and last chances.
Yik yak should appoint the next VP
Yik yak should publish a yak per capita statistic for each geographic area ("herd"). Bet Dartmouth would be near the top 
Yik yakking from Helsinki 
Yik-yak was wiped by the Clinton campaign
YikYak answering all the questions you're too afraid to ask anymore.
YikYak at home is so grim. 
YikYak is dying
Yo 10s, wanna work on your decade? 16 here ;)
Yo babe let's play some strip quizlet 
Yo grill in the yellow and black romper I tried to catch up to you to tell you your romper got tucked up your backpack and your butt was showing  sorry I'm a out of shape...
Yo shoutout to the housing office for all the free candy. And for being friendly and stuff but mostly for the candy.
Yo working the night shift for C&R is the shit....NOT
You all need to work harder and complain and drink less. Hanlon here. 
You can get 40 years in prison and $600,000 fine for selling pot in NH
You can invert the colors on your phone to make most stuff easier on your eyes at night, but yik yak just turns scary with the color scheme 
You can tell people are underclassmen when they still bond over AP/IB classes.
You cannot simply take away the sushi on Wednesday and expect everyone to be okay with it.
You do you, at the expense of you.
You guys really are "My Herd." Missing everyone already
You had me at "Do you need a hug?"
You had me at "feminist scholar"
You know how we do the whole Yuck Fale and Puck Frinceton? We are Duck Fartmouth.... We may have the worst version. 
You know it's a good poop when you feel lightheaded after.
You know it's bad when you just sort of hope you'll pass out during your presentation tomorrow, just to show your prof how hard you've been working 
You know it's enormous when you can hear the dude empty his bowels bowels and then the hushed utterance of "holy shit."
You know it's finals when shitting blood isn't the worst part of your day
You know it's finals when someone says "you look tired" and you respond with "thank you"
You know it's gonna be a good day when you take a big shit first thing in the morning 
You know it's graduation weekend when there's a traffic jam in Hanover
You know it's hot when not even Zeus wants to be outside
You know that tingly feeling you get when you really like someone? That's common sense leaving the body 
You know the thesis is real when you consistently forget to eat and sleep
You know the world is doing ok when your roommate falls asleep while contently eating pizza
You know you have a cold when you're smoking weed and you don't even smell it
You know you're brain is tired when you scan your ID to get into the library at 11:30am
You know you're fucked when you have to listen to 2005 Avril Lavigne for comfort while studying #simplertimes
You know you're not in New England anymore when they use honey instead of maple syrup to talk about viscosity 
You know you're stressed when you have nightmares about all the assignments you have to do and how inept you are to actually do them right. 
You know you're true friends when your phone automatically connects to their wifi 
You look great, 15s
You make me feel like shit. I don't know why I bothered with you for so long. 
You remind me of my brother. That's why I have liked you so much.
You should break up with that guy because I can beat him in super smash brothers
You snooze you Lou's #dartmouth
You think your breakup was bad? Imagine how Pangea felt. 
You too shall pass
You're a kid, you're a squid.
You're dressed to go out, and I'm dressed to have Saturday brunch with the other soccer moms. 
You're substantially hotter now, you've got more degrees 
You're telling me you didn't see my message about the group project? You left your iPhone read receipts on dummy
You've reached peak summer when your Instagram feed is just the sky
YouTube was just revamped. For once, I really like the change 
Your body is a wonderland... Sort of 
Yummy burgers on frat row!
ZFC it's not even July 4 y u closed
Zou bisou bisouuuuu Zou bisou bisouuuuu 
a bunch of ppl pining out here
a group of gorillas is a band. i see your pun game now, gorillaz, i see
aaaaannnd he's back
adulthood is uncomfortable 
ah when stress prevents you from falling asleep even though you're already sleep deprived - I love this
all I really want in life is to eat copious amounts of breakfast foods
always confusing the new/hot switch and the nearby/herd switch
any girls looking to get down?
any other non-17s that will be on campus this summer?
anybody notice that the pine tree is gone? 
anyone else internship-less??
anyone from the Dartmouth rugby camp wanna meet up?
anyone still studying for gov 5?
anyone tryna wax a gibbous
are any boys willing to move boxes if I pay them? Just down to a basement/ into a car? 
arya you SAVAGE
ask Siri what zero divided by zero is 
asking the hostess at the restaurant what line is
ass
at one point in my life, I was exactly pi years old
attagirl inge-lise, starting 15X on the right foot 
back on campus for graduation and can't stop crying because of that 15 that's leaving :(
baker is so empty 
being home reminds me of why I hate spending time with my family. can't wait to be back for summer term...
beirut is about as boring as watching paint dry. where my paddles at? #3fp
but Dartmouth will always be my baescamp 
came home and already saw 2 girls from my high school holding babies within the first hour...wow
can all these children in hanover please kindly get the fuck out
can the weather actually be summer soon? this blows
can we all just agree right now to never ignore a flitz? 
charlie rafkin for president
critikal makes my day better
current mood: a dad outside of Forever 21
damn yikyak is lonely tonight 
dancd party @sarner. no one will expect it
dartmouth 7 @now w/ hill
dartmouth is overrun by ravenclaws and slytherins
do they make corn mazes because it is made of maize?  has it been one big pun this entire time? 
do we get door decks during summer term? casually finding out where people live is much more difficult than it should be right now
do you ever just cup your own boob
does Dartmouth have a calendar with all the summer events for 2015? 
does anyone here like Kinetics and One Love?
does anyone know how to stay awake in lecture like why tf can I sleep 8 hours and be fine all day but die every day in class it's honesty impressive that my body can betray me so regularly 
don't know why everyone here thinks state schools are easy places. Kind of snobby 
end of term: when you need coffee the most, you have the least DBA
everytime I lay face up on my bed my lower back hurts to the point where I have to shift position. should this be concerning?
fantasizing about how my chem final is going to fuck me numb until I ache with rigor 
finals stress caused me to have a nightmare and wake up early - I feel a lot more calm knowing other people are awake as well rn, thanks :)
first let me hop on the muhhfuckin coach
free cake and muffins in novack
fresh change of batteries really makes a difference 
fuck econ 20
gay marriage got legalized in Ireland, I guess you could say the number of gay marriages over there is Dublin 
getting a spontaneous text from your crush ... and then hours of radio silence. 
guys who can't take no for an answer <<<<<<
gym open??
haha 
here's to all the last ones standing and my fellow econ ppl struggling til the very end
hey kid in the bear hat you smell like whale poop
him: "wanna cum over? ;)" / me: "my heart says yes but my mom says no" #asiangirlsproblem
hogwarts frat boy voice: dude dude dude leviBROsa *all the gryffindors high five* 
honestly fuck you 
horses on the green 
how about we all summit reviews for the classes we are taking on course hack/ hacker club so we have updated information that could benefit us all.
how do I stop thinking about someone I won't see until the fall?
how do we know when our classes are on Saturday? none of my profs mentioned it
how many crushes is a lot?
how many other people are awake right now
how many people actually went to ANTH3 this morning?
how many people awake and on yikyak right now?
how quickly do collis sandwiches run out tho?
how the fuck are we paying the same meal plan this summer when nothing is ever open?
how to find a sexting buddy? my main boy is in the UK so the time difference makes it hard for us to have nice late night chats 
idk why people are complaining about the cold, I would much rather snuggle under the covers than wake up in a pool of my own sweat 
if I hear "the fighter" or "shake it off" one more time....
if you can't handle me at my finals all nighter, you don't deserve me at my... wait, no I don't blame you. that shit's bad
is Novack open?
is collis open today 
is hinman open during summer term? 
is just like "how's it going?" and I'm like "I HATE LIVING"
is rwit open during the summer?
is there anything fun happening tonight?
is there storage space anywhere?
it's a beautiful day #onelove
it's cool to eat lunch at your desk. it's not cool to chew with your mouth open. have you no decency? 
it's day 826. summer seems eternal and the green has withered under the rays of the sun. there is no food to be found. when will DDS end
it's days like this that make me feel like anything is possible. Contrast that with the winter where getting up is a daily debate with myself. 
it's the people that make this school great 
it's week 2 and I'm pulling an allnighter already  fuck
just incorporated "keystone" into a pneumonic for ketones 
just spent an entire class watching youtube videos and talking about internet memes
last chance has inflated numbers. 
last night, I smoked and drank. tonight I will do it again. but right now, I'm taking my gummy vitamins, because that shit is important 
late night yik yak scene grim af
let's be real we only care about the 4th cause of the parties and fireworks 
lmao whotf got offended over "hellhole" y'all are wimps
make sure you tip the EBAs driver. it's not their fault they're crazy busy tonight, and they're going to be out til 4 delivering to pissy undergrads. also I'm not a driver, just a hungry undergrad
maybe next term
mom: "if u studied harder you could've gotten accepted to a place people have actually heard of !!!"
more page to finish this paper. Then need 3. 
morning fog 
murderous rage
my candy consumption during finals increases like 600%
my roommate never flushes the toilet....how does a habit like that even start haha
n00ds4f00d
packing up my room and sobbing
people who watch shows loud enough at 6 in the morning that I can hear it through the walls <<<<<<
performed mundane action X, received degree from cornell in tangentially related subject Y
please no parking ticket please no parking ticket please no parking ticket....fuck yeah no parking ticket! fuck the system
post-shArk skinny dipping scene is why i love this place
pro tip: you know those red rubber water bottles? yeah. get one. fill it with cold water from your sink. there u go. lie in bed with it on your tummy. so nice. so cold. 
procrastination level: designing Christmas cards 
read books on the roof!!!!
realizing you have a lot of acquaintances but few core friends
really could use some Felix Felicis right about now
really sucks when your friend ditches you for someone they met 10 minutes ago
reasons to take the stairs two at a time: 1. you are in a rush. 2. you are an overachiever. 3. you just saw a fucking spider 
relationship status: sophomore summer slow fade 
remember how we had the club goin up, on a Tuesday?
reps for Jesus 
ride the fucking wave 
roomie bonding: when you've both been awake for an hour but exhibit no signs of getting out of bed
saint augustines day blackout, never forget our darkest hour. And by hour I mean 7 and a half hours
seeing photos of the 15s makes me think of how little time I have left and how poorly I've spent the time that's already passed 
sees number of Last Chances crushes  guesses they're trolls  enters friends' names  oops, we didn't match  friends assume I'm trolling them/want to troll me  enter my name  we match
senior week adventure tonight?
shut up.. if u cantt behave after drinking dont.
smores and puppy
so hungry but no money 
so like why haven't you texted me yet 
so what's the deal with late night foco. what exactly is it 
so where can I get food right now
someone should do an America dance party tonight, jsayin'...
spread it like peanut butter jelly
starting my first day of work in investment banking and randomly met three Dartmouth alums and a managing director who scheduled a dinner with me....I LOVE THIS SCHOOL
still thinking about that cute guy I saw moving his fridge into controlled storage... I know not his name or year, and it's killing me 
suck mah balls hanlon I'm drinking hard liquor and ain't a thing you can do bout it
summer 2015 will either be fucking lit or the most boring shit ever, nothing in between
sweeping on ffb
that awkward moment when you realize all of your friends from college you will probably never see again
that moment when Kronos works
the Spanish rolled R is so sexy 
the best part about college is that everyone stops pretending to be cool. you wanna jam to shitty pop music? awesome. panic attack before the chem test? me too, bro
the clamor around last chances is funny because they're great, but you could just flitz the person...
the hardest part about being a vegan is waking up at 5am to milk the almonds
the one time I really get involved with a guy he's a 15 who's graduating while I'm a million miles away 
the person above me is finally moving out. the stomping sounds are the same as they were all year. i finally know that i'm not crazy, they're just loud af. good riddance
the worst part about kissing a perfect ten is the cold feeling of mirror on my lips
there IS class shopping this term right?
there's nowhere open to eat for the rest of the night, gotta love DDS
they should make realistic Powerade commercials where hungover people try to drink it without sitting up all the way 
this is a great place but honestly, fuck the people running this school...bunch of absolute morons 
this might be my last term here if my financial aid appeal doesn't work out. i hope i can stay for sophomore summer, but if not, just know that dartmouth students, y'all the real MVPs. love you all. 
this year had its ups and downs but I know that had I chosen any other place to go, I wouldn't have learned or grown so much so thank you for that dartmouth 
this year went by hella fast
thought I looked pretty good for finals week but the first thing my mom says when I facetime her is 'you look like you haven't slept in days'
thought that blitz from the hacker club was last chances 
throwback to when all these hookup posts would be really messy bc we didn't have icons to refer to replies by
tinder is the night 
tips for someone trying to learn how to skateboard?
to fill the position of vice-president! My qualifications: I'm off campus the next three terms so I can't fuck anything up
to find a perfect girlfriend and then we will find another couple who's perfect & then make a pact that well fuck & make a kid & they'll fuck & make a kid, & then our kids fuck and make a SUPERHUMAN 
to the person whose car alarm is blaring outside the fays, TURN IT OFF 
to the seniors that matched with an underclassman: please flitz them! They're too intimidated to flitz you!
wait are y'all actually serious about the moose right now
wait so what's open for food tomorrow
waking up from a dream about tender kissing and feeling entirely unsatisfied and alone
waking up in Dick's House feeling like P. Diddy
walked across campus holding a box of pizza, got checked out more than I ever have in my entire life 
what a great time last night. 
what do you wish you'd learned about sexuality/sex earlier in life?
what if dying just feels like a long nap
what the fuck is up with every house being dead tonight? let's rage harder 17s. we're better than this
what three effects support contiguity's role in Pavlovian conditioning? (I got to the 7th page of Google and couldn't find the answer, any fellow psyc 22 people here?...)
what time does farmers market start/ has it already started? 
when I see people wearing pajamas to the library I don't judge them, I judge myself. why didn't I wear pajamas to the library am I stupid?
when is foco gonna have waffle fries again doe
when reunion alums ask you for a dorm room with a private bathroom and a queen sized bed like... did you even go here? 
when the bottom of your backpack has a small, crumpled pile of unopened BoA envelopes
when you have to call Amazon customer service and realize they see all the sex toys you've purchased mid way through the conversation...
when you hear your roommate walk in and repeated shout "I want to die" to himself 
when you notice someone too late to muster up a smile so you just kind of bare your teeth at them 
when you realize the cops who raided a party at home are more chill than sns 
when you say something really rad and someone reposts your genius comment to the prof. not cool brah. 
when your body is so used to your schedule c&r that you can only sleep 5 hours in a row tops <<<<<<<<<<<<<
when your parents facebook posts get more likes than yours
when your stalking someone you like and Facebook suddenly crashes ...  a sign from god
where are the dance parties?
where can i get fr33 f00d t0d4y
where is this music coming from my shazam is liking it. 
where the 2-ply is
where your BAC is often higher than your GPA
where's last chances tho
who decided to name them "dick pics" instead of "junk mail"???
why are electronic screens reflective? there's nothing I use them for that I ever want to see myself doing
why do my friends keep sending me govball snaps. Some people just like to watch the world burn. 
why is there no 24 ho7r tood place on campus?
will practice make sex perfect?
wish i had the courage to say more than two words to you. wish i had the courage to ask for your name
wishing I could look up yak locations 
working on a paper in collis rn and seeing all the drunk people roll in is so depressing
you can't sit with us!!
you're doing it all wrong! Flitz your crush and tell them to enter your name in to last chances! 
~stares at cutie in class and waits for them to get lost in the Dead Seas of my week 8 eyes~
